Hi, I wanted to checkout a book but am not on campus right now. I will reach tomorrow. Is there a way to prebook or something? This is the book: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1480587/Holdings#tabnav Let me see if I can find it on the shelf.  We're still unpacking

Hi, I am doing some research and I found a link which requires access to ProQuest in order to read the article. Does CMU have access to this site, and would I be able to access it off campus? Hi, yes, the Libraries subscribes to Proquest.  Go to the Libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu and click on Research Databases (under the search box, also listed Under Search and Find). Click P for proquest.  If you're off campus you'll be prompted for your Andrew user ID and psswd.

How can we access the hoovers website through CMU libraries? I was unable to find it in the list of databases Please go to the Library page http://www.library.cmu.edu/ and select Research Databases and click on H and select Hoovers.

I am the assistant to the CMU Treasurer, Jay Calhoun.  I would like to research some online articles, books, etc in the CMU Library.  How can I access to do online search?  Thank you. Just FYI all .. I am following up with Jay 

Hello! Are you there? I found a textbook (URL: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1041660/Holdings#tabnav). It shows it is located at Qatar Library. I wonder if I am able to borrow it at Pittsburgh? hello

Hello, is there a database for soil properties in the U.S. or globally? I was trying to find soil organic content and soil temperature range. There isn't much research paper on the internet for this area, since it's already well measured.  hi .. please email sciref@andrew.cmu.edu for a science librarian Thanks!

I am doing some genealogy research and think I have identified a lead in a CM yearbook.  I just need two or three pages copied.  Do you have  a service for that? Hello. You should contact the University Archives. http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/archives

ok thanks for the help  You are very welcome Here is a link to CLP's business resources http://www.carnegielibrary.org/research/?subject-id=86&audience-id=All+Ages&keyword= They have ReferenceUSA and Hoover's within a database called Mergent Intellect

Hi hello how may I help? My name is Fatih, From Istanbul in Turkey I am doing a research and need some help

hello, I was wondering how I can find research papers on optimal settings for online learning Hi! May I ask where you have looked so far? Have you looked in any library databases? no, just in the "find ejournals" area Ah I see. 

Hello, I can't obtain the full text for () as it is mentioned on the search results. Could you email me with instructions on how to best continue? rnaidu@andrew.cmu.edu Thank you!  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-proquest_miscellaneous_16677540803 Hello Are you searching for an article or a book Either version Also, I apologize but my laptop is about to die, so email may be best.  Thanks again.

I heard from CPDC that we could access hoovers though the library. How do we do that? Hi You can go to the Libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu, then search and find, then research databases. H for Hoovers. Thank you. Have agreat day You're welcome-you have a great one as well!

Hello, does library have access to Wall Street Journal? Yes.  Go to the homepage, Search and Find, Research Databases, then W for WSJ Libraries homepage is www.library.cmu.edu Thanks a lot!

good morning, is this something that can be checked out or does it have to be kept in the library for viewing   http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/481416 Hi I believe videos from the 2nd floor need to be viewed onsite-let me get you the policy. http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/filmvideo/vidcoll

Do students have access to the digital edition of the New York Times through CMU? hi yes, the new york times is available in one of our databases going back to 1800s ...  Go to library.cmu.edu click on research databases Thank you so much! then just click on N and find New york times :) and you are welcome :)

How do I access Proquest? Hhi Go to the libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu  Then, either click on Research Databases (under the search box) or go to search and find, then Research Databases.  Click P for Proquest, and you'll see the link there. Thanks! You're welcome! :-)

Hi. Which database do you recommend to look for industry reports? I'm specifically looking at the truckload industry. hi The business librarian has a research guide that outlines the best resources for industrial research http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries Great! Thank you! You're welcome!

Good morning! I am trying to find a record of a relative attending Carnegie Tech in the 1920s. Any suggestions? Hi You can contact the University Archivist, Julia Corrin.  Give me a moment and I'll pass on her contact information. jcorrin@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 7402 Super, thanks! You're welcome!  

hi, i'm looking to access WorldCat through CMU. sorry if i'm being dense... hi Worldcat is listed on the Libraries Research Database list A-z list-you can find that list under Search and Find on the Libraries Homepage www.library.cmu.edu  i'm on the library site, i didn't realize world cat would be in the database list. thank you. bonnie

Hello. Does CMU have access to the IBIS World databases?  hi Yes, we provide access to IBIS World.   Go to the Libraries' homepage, www.library.cmu.edu, then  Search and Find, , Research Databases, then I for IBIS World Thanks.  You're welcome.

Hi do students have access to Hoovers? hi Yes, it's listed on our databases.  go to the libraries homepage http://www.library.cmu.edu/ go under Search ad Find and choose Research databases, then choose H and scroll down for Hoover's We also have the databases listed by subject under Research databases, so click on business and economics to see all the bus. dbs we have!

If I were looking to perform market research on the nuclear power industry, which research database or databases would you recommend? Hi Let me get you the guide for market research-it will list the dbs perfect.  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch Thank you much. You're welcome!

Hi, what is the benefit to listing my dissertation in ProQuest? it seems to only, potentially, restrict rights Others who have access to the database will be able to search by subject, author, keywords, etc. and locate it. it's CMU Research Showcase + making available on the internet probably "good enough" ? that's up to you. I'll send you a link with info that may help http://www.library.cmu.edu/datapub/sc/dissertation/decisions Do you want people to discover your dissertation when they search the open web using an Internet search engine such as Google, or do you prefer that discovery of your work be more restricted, for example, via a search of a library catalog, Dissertation Abstracts International, or the Dissertations & Theses Database? If you want to encourage easy discovery by the broadest possible range of readers, then enable your work to be discovered in a search of the open web. ok, thanks! You're welcome!

Hi My name is Yunus, I am a PhD student at ECE hi I need this paper for my research, but I think we don't have access at CMU http://www.worldscientific.com/doi/abs/10.1142/S0218127400000773 Is there anyway that I can get this article? If we don't have an item you need, you can request via our interlibrary loan service Illiad.  I will send you the link. Thank you very much

Do we have access to the Safari e-book collection from the publisher O'Reilly? I thought I heard a mention of Safari when I attended the library's Research Resources and Management Tools talk last week. yes we do please email sciref@andrew.cmu.edu for more detail. OK. I'll do that. Thank you very much! i am checking to see if they are listed on our databases A-Z Oh, I see it there good :) anything else? That's all. Thank you again! you're welcome

I have a quick question - about how many volumes does your library system have (total)? hi Working on a research project that involves this information you can find this question in the university factbook let me get you the link Thanks, I've actually been looking through the fact book - do you know which particular section? http://www.cmu.edu/ira/factbook/facts2014.html yes, let me double check .. I want to say education .. hold on Just found it in the teaching and academic support section Thanks for your help! It's in teaching and academic support - http://www.cmu.edu/ira/factbook/pdf/facts2014/teaching-and-academic-support.pdf

Just had a quick question, is there any public access to carnegie mellon databases? Im doing some business research at my university and the level of resources is far inferior to carnegie mellon's. Just thought i'd ask! yes.  you'll need to bring your ID (a driver license would do) and ... ask for a day pass at the lending desk FYI, the Carnegie Public Library also has a downtown location (a business center) and they have even more resources there .. and open to public what if im off cite, say in canada? is there a way to get a day pass electronically ? no .. you have to be on-site .. sorry thats ok! thank you for the information! you're welcome and have a gr8 day

Hello Sue, this is Ema Grama. Hi Ema! I was wondering if you could direct me to the capstone research web page I am trying to find it on the site but I cannot thanks so much Certainly- it's http://guides.library.cmu.edu/globalstudies That's because you missed class the day we went over it-ha ha!! indeed:) thanks so much Sue! best wishes Just hope you are feeling better-take care! :-)

Hi, I keep getting this error message when I'm searching for articles An error has occurredphp_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Temporary failure in name resolutionPlease return to the homepage or ask a librarian for assistance. What should I do? hi what database are you searching in?  We know we are currently having problems with JSTOR. Not sure, I just went to the CMU library homepage and searched for an article by title, and that message popped up. can you give me the title of the article? Protein adsorption and transport in agarose and dextran-grafted agarose media for ion exchange chromatography thx-let me see what I can do! Thank you

Hello Hi I have a not-so-library related question No problem-ask away What is the chat system you are using for this?  I'm an admin for another CMU dept, we're interested in this tech You mean the chat technology? Yes libraryh3lp.com? Yes. I can put you in touch with someone who might know abit more about it-costs, etc. So this is third-party and you licensed it Or if you have general questions, as a user I can help Yes, exactly. Ok, thx. We pay for the right to use it.  We have several librarians with passwords for it. I can research from here.  Thanks for the pointer. Any one of us can answer a chat, and we can transfer chats to one another You're welcome

hello I would like to know if you have received my interlibrary loan request since I did not hear anything back. I requested to pick up at the Mellon library. My name is Marcela Madrid. thanks Hi We can't answer that question since we don't have access to the interlibrary loan records.  You can go into your ILLiad account (where you filled out request) and you can see the status of your request.  If you still have questions, contacts for additional information can be found on the ILL page http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting thanks.  You're welcome

Happy Monday-- happy Monday how may I help? I've forgotten how to access the OED online.  Can you help? Sure, go to the library website: http://library.cmu.edu OED should be listed under research and databases alphabetically the link to research databases is just under the search box :) If you're not on campus, you'll be asked to login .. use your Andrew ID and password Got it, thanks!   

Can I access Hoovers via the web (I'm staff)? hi .. give me a second .. please sure ok .. I just double checked .. didn't want to answer without checking ..  yes .. as staff .. you should be able to go to our Research and Databases Select H and scroll to Hoovers Click and you get a link that says to "click continue"  However, if you are OFF campus .. you should get a screen asking you to log in with your andrew ID and password great - thanks! You've been very helpful :-) you're welcome  have a great weekend

Hey! How can I place a book on hold? Hello. To place a book on hold, locate the book record in the library catalog.  The book is currently available  What is the book title? Harry F. Campbell and Richard P C Brown (2003), Benefit-Cost Analysis: Financial and Economic Appraisal using Spreadsheets Paperback  If it is available and on the shelf, you will not be able to place a hold. You can only place holds for books that are checked out or in offsite storage. ah, ok. Thank you  You are welcome

hi--is there a way for CMU students off campus to access current articles in the Wall Street Journal (i.e. via a CMU portal or database)? hi yes, there is.  There is a link to the Wall Street Journal on the library's database list -http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php lovely, thanks. I'm new to CMU and don't know the best places to find links. just click on W - it isn't the same format as the WSJ online - just gives the text of the articles the library website of course :-)   www.library.cmu.edu "Research databases" are under the blue box.  Also check out the "Research Guides" on the right side. perfect--very helpful. Thanks! you're welcome!

Hello! No one answers x8-2444. Hi I have a question regarding repository.cmu.edu.  Sure-what is your question? Hi! I monitor web activity for www.sei.cmu.edu, and would like to add info about downloads of SEI reports.  These reports are added to repository.cmu.edu at intervals.  I would like to know more about the work process for adding reports to repository.cmu.edu (because I have sometimes been asked about it). Who uploads the works, and what prompts them to add SEI works. Each month, I would like to get reports showing-	New SEI works posted in the past month-	Institutions that have downloaded SEI work in the past month organized by sector (Commercial, Education, Govt, Military, etc)-	Downloads by month for each SEI work (Sept 2010 Š—– present)-	Number of SEI works posted by month (Sept 2010 Š—– present) Katie Behrman is our Research Showcase coordinator.  She can be reached at kbehrman@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 2536 AWESOME thanks. You're welcome.

Hello, I'm looking for access to nature magazine. Do you have digital access somewhere? hi .. good morning .. let me check .. what year are you interested in? 2015 Feb, Mar, and Apr ok .. it looks like we have it .. here's the info:  Nature (London)  (0028-0836)      from 01/04/1990 to 1 year ago in Biology Database, Health & Medical Collection, Nursing & Allied Health Database, ProQuest Central (purchase pre-March 2016), ProQuest Research Library, Psychology Database and Science Databasefrom 1997 to present in Nature Journals Onlinefrom 01/06/2000 to 1 year ago in Academic OneFile and General OneFile you can access the links from e-Journals - http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals search by title "nature" Great! Thank you! you're welcome Have a nice day! you too

Good morning good morning how may i help? I need a book that is currently available on Stacks  in what library? I will be on campus today at 6.30 pm Will the Library be open till then? Sorrells i think.. Wai the link is... yes, the library will be open then, but we cannot hold the book (just anticipating your next question). But you can try calling them .. just to be sure. Ya.. Sure. It says the Engineering and Science Library Link: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/430568 Sorrells LibraryArnette LogginsCirculation Supervisor412-268-7217 Thanks. Will reach out to them. ok .. have a great day U too

Hello, I'm looking for literature about stakeholder analysis, specifically within the context of international development. I have been able to find generic writeups (http://srmo.sagepub.com/view/enyclopedia-of-action-research/n293.xml) and some targeted guides (http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1572547), but nothing within the development context. What would be good places to look? Hi there Interesting topic!  But hard to answer over chat - there is a lot to suggest, and we would like to understand better exactly what you're looking for. I could give you a list of databases and perhaps some subject headings for books, but you might waste a lot of time wading through them.  Would you consider making an appointment with our liaison librarian in that area? Sure, thanks. In person might be easier.

Hi, I was wondering it there are any Fundamentals of Engineering FE/EIT practice problems available at the library? hi did you check our library catalog? if not, hold on ...  is this what you're looking for? http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1499199 thanks. sets of engineering practice problems are hard to find so I just thought I'd ask that might work.. great .. if you need more assistance you should email engineering reference directly at sciref@andrew.cmu.edu They would be happy to help ok thanks alot np .. have a gr8 day

Hi, I haven't been on the library site for a while, and it looks like it's changed!  I'm trying to find the dissertation of one of my alumni.  What is the best way to search that?  Thanks! hi hi If you're looking for dissertations, you should consider either the Dissertation and Abstract database  or Disssertations and Theses @ CMU databse (just for those done at CMU) Both databases will often have the entire PDF of the dissertation OK. I wasn't able to find the links to those. they are under Search and Find, then Research Databases OK, thanks! You're very welcome!

Hi Hello I am trying to check out The goal : a process of ongoing improvement but it is in Software Engineering Institute - STACKS is there anyway to get it moved to Hunt I believe you need to go to SEI. Let me double check that for you. There is an earlier edition of the title available at Hunt now. oh really http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/241576 perfect can i check that out now? or do i have to do that in person You have to do it in person ok ill be over there later thanks You are welcome.

Hello hello  i have a quick question about online library access.  do you offer subscriptions for non student faculty to access academic journals? I don't know what you mean by non student faculty...are you affiliated with Carnegie Mellon? no You can access our online services/resources ONLY if you come to one of our physical locations. ok thank you Some researchers can get permission to get a research pass where you would not have to request a login at each visit but you would still have to come to campus go it thank you for the information

Hello, I found a book in Knovel which is pretty useful to my research. However, it is consisted of more than 60 chapters and I have to click each of them to download. I am wondering is there a way to download the whole content of the book. Thanks! The link is here https://app.knovel.com/web/toc.v/cid:kpASHRAEF2/viewerType:toc/root_slug:ashrae-handbook-heating/url_slug:ashrae-handbook-heating?b-toc-cid=kpASHRAEF2&b-toc-title=2015%20ASHRAE%20Handbook%20-%20Heating%2C%20Ventilating%2C%20and%20Air-Conditioning%20Applications%20(I-P%20Edition)&b-toc-root-slug=ashrae-handbook-heating&b-toc-url-slug=retail-facilities usually not bc/ copyright .. you can check with sciref@anrew.cmu.edu for available options OK, thanks you're welcome

Hello there! It looks like the book I want is in the stacks -- in Qatar. Can you all send out a more local query? The book is called Contemporary Issues in Business Ethics, and here's the link. http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1257615 You will have to order the book via our Interlibrary Loan system ILLiad http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting is that enough information?  the ISBN # isn't listed. You don't need the ISBN to request it. but I can get it for you ISBN that is that's OK - if I don't need it, I'm sure you have better things to do. You can click on the record's MARC record and retrieve that info from Library's catalog 9781600217739 (hardcover)   or 1600217737 (hardcover)   and well, there you have it! CMU librarians rock. thank you very much.

Is a thesaurus available online through the library? hi hello Let me check ok, thanks If you go to the Oxford reference in the database list, and search thesaurus, you'll see a few. ok thanks we also have a Roget's online http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1581067 search the catalog with Roget's thesaurus and you'll also get http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/461715

Hi, for some reason, I cannot open this eBook http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1485651 hi let me check which volume? I would like to read volume 4 of this books It looks like we only have access to volumes 1-3 you can contact dianec@andrew.cmu.edu to see when we'll have access to volumes 4 and 5 Got you Thank you very much you're welcome

Hello!  How can I help you? I'm considering starting my own research project for next year (as a senior studying Business) and I'm wondering if you can push me in the right direction in terms of where to start? I need to find a topic, and I'm not sure which databases would be the most useful. Specifically, I'm interested in looking into the economic/financial impacts of the Ukraine/Russia crisis. Please start with the subject guide http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper  That's perfect, thank you! You are welcome.

Hi Hi I'm looking for market research in airline industry and vacation packaging.  Do you know which data bases would be good for this search ? Sure.  I can give you a link to the Business Librarian's page that will help explain what to use-just give me a sec thank you Here oos-sorry-got away from me.  Here's his page on Market Research http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch thanks have a great day You,too! :-)

Hello, Hi My PhD student needs this textbook for his research: Modeling Materials byt  Tadmor and Miller It's a very standard textbook, can we get a few copies for the library. You can contact the reserves person with the needed information: course number, name, etc. uThey will then buy, I believe, 1 copy per 15 students.  I will send contact name, number, email for reserves in my next response. Chris Cramer	Student Hiring/Reserves Coordinator	cramer10@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 2445Hunt 106	Collections & Information Access Services	Access Services There's also an online form for requesting reserves http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/reserves/request

Hello,  hi there is a book I would like to check out, it appears to be available as an e-text but I could not see how I can find the link to it yes.  If you click on the title you'll get a record and it should have an "online access" in bold .. followed by a link .. do you see it? let me see, just a second I see, there is a link to the publisher thank you!! you're welcome .. anything else? no, that is all, have a good day! you too :)

Do the libraries keep any sort of record of all of the books written by alumni and faculty/staff? Hello? hello sorry .. was on the phone the library doesn't keep a record for all the books published by alumni, faculty or staff .. however if you have a list for specific authors, you can find out what we have by searching by author FYI, we generally acquire all publications by faculty, if that helps.

Hello, I am doing research for the CIRP and was wondering if the library had access to data from Lloyd's List Intelligence. I am looking for data on oil transit volumes through certain trade routes, and APEX database on Lloyd's List Intelligence seems to have this information, but I need to register to have access. Does the library have access to this data? hi which department are you in? Decision Science you may wish to contact apaulos2@andrew.cmu.edu, the librarian for that department As far as I can tell, we don't have access to the database, but he may be able to point you to other resources Ok thank you you're welcome

HI. I am currently researching Maya murals, significant colors, and pigments used by the Maya.  I am trying to write a paper in which I connect the art of the Maya and their significant colors to either the Spanish colonial period or modern day art in Mexico. I found information for all the Maya stuff but am finding it very hard to have something to compare it to is this dealing with the arts the liaison librarian from the arts would be best to help you. You can send her an e-mail. Her name is Mo Dawley  md2z@andrew.cmu.edu or call her at 412-268-6625

I found an e-book i'd like to read on the library search page. How do I access it? Hello!  Can you send me more information about the e-book you're trying to access?  The dose makes the poison a plain-language guide to toxicology Just a moment while I look into this. Are you currently on campus? yes You should be able to access it via the link on this page: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1557201 what should I click on? The link indicating 'online access' should work. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/book/10.1002/9780470918449 thanks! bye Have a great weekend!

Hi, I'm trying to get access to a electronic copy of a book for a class and I'm having difficulty doing so Hello http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1494626/Details#tabnav this book in particular What seems to be the access problem? When i go to the external link it tells I cant access it Are you off campus? yes I would suggest logging onto the Library Resources VPN and then trying again. That could be the issue. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus I didn't have any problems opening it on campus. hmm so if i just go on campus and access it, and then print it out thats fine though That should work. perfect thanks for the help You are welcome. Feel free to message if it doesn't work.

Hello, is anyone there? yes, I'm here Hello! I found an error in an article I have on the "Research Showcase". I am John W. Kowalski, but the name on the "Research Showcase" reference is "Jon D. Kowalski". The error can be seen here: http://repository.cmu.edu/machine_learning/48/ You'll need to contact Katie Behrman, the Research Showcase Coordinator.  She can be reached at kbehrman@andrew.cmu.edu or   412 268 2536. The name on the "Research Showcase" is incorrect. Ok, thanks.  I'll contact here. her. You're welcome.  

Hello.  I think I am logged in via the vpn portal.  In the MMM program.  Need to use search engines proquest, ABInform, or Web of science.  How do I find them on your site?   hello go to library.cmu.edu under the search box, you'll see a link to Research databases It will take you to an A-Z link of databases let me know if you need further assistance please thanks

Good morning! My name is Prashant Tambe.  Good morning Prashant! I would like to place a hold on the book: Creating Breakthrough Products: revealing the secrets that drive global innovation by Jonathan Cagan. Call Number: HF5415.153 .C34 2013 This is not something we can do for you-you must do it yourself, and you can only do it if the book is already checked out. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/594786 I see the book is available so placing a hold on it is not possible. Ok. Thank you. Glad to help.  If the book had been checked out, you certainly would have been able to do this.  With available books, i.e. books that are not checked out, it's whoever gets the book first. Got it! Thank you. You're very welcome.  Have a great day! (and stay dry! :-)

Do University Libraries have library liaisons to assist students with research? of course! Tell us your dept and/or school and we'll link you up! Thanks, is there a link that lists them all? yes-I'll send it along in the next-let me find it.  It's on our web pages Excellent--thanks! http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/expert If you click on the "Plus" you'll see the full list. Thanks! You're welcome! Have a good day-- You too! :-)

Hello! I was wondering if I could find the full document to this URL: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-proquest_miscellaneous_17278579383 Hello!  So sorry for the delay. Just a moment while I check on that. I'm afraid we don't have access to this article.  However, you may be able to request it via Interlibrary Loan. Have you used our ILL service before?

Hello! hi how may i help you? I'm looking for a database that could help me with market sizing. I've seen a few in my business classes but I dont remember their names... did you check the descriptions provided on the business research guides?  I'll get you the URL in a sec I haven't found those yet. That would be great, thank you! http://guides.library.cmu.edu/businessdb if you just go to guides.library.cmu.edu you can browse all the business research guides .. there are some designed for particular classes, so you should check those as well If you still cannot find what you need, email Roye Werner our Business Librarian her email is rwerner@andrew.cmu.edu That's perfect! Thank you so much. you're welcome anything else I can help with? Nope, that's it! great .. enjoy your day and have a great weekend you too! thanks

hello I am trying to access a book via its url, but I cannot do so; no book appears in the data base. this is the book: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1651569 Hello. Dacha idylls living organically in Russia's countryside? yes, that's the book.  Unfortunately, we do not have access to that title any longer. We have been working to have the record removed from the catalog. I see. thank you. I will place an ILL order. Oh wait! I may have spoken too soon. ? yes? Try this link: http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1525/j.ctt1pnddw oh wonderful. many thanks! No problem. have a nice day Same to you!

Hello, Do you have all back issues of Carnegie Tech's yearbook, The Thistle? Hi! Let me double check, but I'm pretty sure that we have the physical copies  Here is a listing of all the issues that we have at Hunt Library: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/206082 They are specifically located on the 3rd floor. We have from 1906-2008 Perfect! That is exactly what I needed to know Thank you so much for your help Great! No problem at all Is there anything else that I can help you with today? nope that's it. really appreciate it My pleasure. Thanks for contacting us and have a wonderful day! You too will do :)

Hi Hi How to get Gartner Reports from my CMU Library I wanted to view the Gartner Hype Cycle on Life Sciences Start at the library's home page:  http://www.library.cmu.edu Look for the link to Research databases just below the search box. That should guide you to a list of databases in alphabetical order.  A direct link to that link is ... one moment ... ok let me check that http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php  Open this with a right click so that we stay connected. cool i think i got it Great! thanks a Lot appreciate it You're welcome Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

Hi, How do I download an e-book?  Pukelsheim, Optimal Design of Experiments is available but I don't understand how to access it. Hello. Let me look into this for you. Click on the link under Online Access or Internet. The link should say SIAM. You should be taken to the record in SIAM. It looks you can download chapters. Ok, thanks, now I see how to do it. You are welcome.

Hi, how are you? Hello My professor discussed with us that there was a course website that the library set up and I was wondering how to get to it It's not a course reserve, I don't think Is it a research guide for your course? I'm not entirely sure What is the coarse? It's for the course 79-384 Garbage Gone Global Think this is it? http://guides.library.cmu.edu/garbage Yes, it is! Can I ask how you navigated to the page? Sure. On the library homepage there is a link to Research Guides under Quick Links. Then I searched By Course. Oh okay, perfect! Thank you so much for your help! You are welcome.

Trouble finding a pdf for the research article: Can lifestyle changes reverse coronary heart disease? (Ornish) Hi Do you have any more info to the citation-journal title for example? Yes, "the lancet" volume 336, issue 8708, 21 July 1990, pages 129-133 Looking at our e-journals list, don't see that we get the Lancet. You'll need to do interlibrary loan for this-I'll send link for the service. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You'll want to use the ILLiad service-we find library that has and get copy for you.  You'll be notified when item is available.  If you've never used before you'll need to register-a quick and simple process requiring basic demographic info Thank's very much! You're welcome!

hi, IDG works with corporates on Leadership & Management enhancement. Want to know details of how we can subscribe/become a member to your research content. hi .. what do you mean by our research content? our databases? yes your database for journals, ebooks, articles You must be a current student, staff, or faculty to access our databases.  There's no licensing for non-affiliates.  Special patron borrowing only allows for using the print collections on site - https://libwebspace.library.cmu.edu/libraries-and-collections/Forms/Special%20Patron%20Application.pdf  you can come in person to use our databases by getting a temporary pass (you'll need a state ID).   But there's no remote accessibility. Does that clarify matters?

Um, may I ask how long does it take to borrow ? I checked and nearby libraries do not own  so you would want to request it via the following:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting how long it takes, depends on where we borrow the book from  If this is for particular research, we can request to purchase the book for CMU's collection  Oh, this is for research but I need to think more about it. Thanks for your help, I will ask you when I need help. Thanks for your consideration.  ok you can also email us at sciref@andrew.cmu.edu--should you have problems obtaining the book from Interlibrary Loan or would like us to purchase on behalf of particular dept research. 

Hey, can I access IEEE papers outside the library.. from my home..? hi I have my andrew ID and password.. yes, you can.  If you click the link from the database page, you should get a prompt to login with your andrew User ID and psswd Link? IEEE? I tried it .. with the instituitional login, but it doesnt work No, you need to go to our db page-I'll send link Please do From the homepage http://www.library.cmu.edu/ then Research dbs, http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php then " I" for IEEE or go directly to http://guides.library.cmu.edu/go.php?c=8262070 Awesome! It worked. Thank you Great! Enjoy! :-) Bye! Have a nice day You as well!

I'd like to get a paper that is not available by eJournal.  Smith,O.J., Chem. Eng. Prog. 53 (1957) p. 217 to end of article.  "Closer control of loops with dead time." hi let's see what we can find - just a minute good news!  we have it in print at the Sorrells (Engineering & Science) library.http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/444068 Thank you! you're very welcome!

Hello Hi I see a book that is available electronically Electronic Resources Library - WEB (Located on the World Wide Web) How do I access it? Thanks You should see a link in the record.  Click on it and if you are offcampus or on wireless you should get a prompt to login with your andrew user ID and psswd.  If you're on the network, you should get in seamlessly. Do you see the link in the reocrd-if you give me the title of the book I can tell you what you need to click on (sometiimes terminology changes  from record to record) It look me a little bit but I did get it Thanks so much! You're welcome! :-) I appreciate your help :) Have a nice day We are happy to help-you have a good day as well! :-)

Who is the liaison librarian for Chemistry? hi let me get that for you ... http://guides.library.cmu.edu/prf.php?account_id=16981 Thank you very much! you're welcome .. anything else? I'm just wondering how i can find the information myself without your help oh, sure .. on our library website you should be able to see a link to Research Guides on the right under quick links If you click on the subject, it will show you the guides for that subject and who the subject liaison is Ohhh and it goes by subject right yes :) I got it! Thank you! you're welcome if there's nothing else you need .. have a great day you too. well have a great day regardless :)

http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1762734  This item has a broken URL, and I can't find it by searching at Ebsco.  Do you have another link to access this?  Thank you. Hi! (The full text URL doesn't work) HI Okay, let me see what I can find Thank you You are welcome Okay, it looks like we have 2 difference records for this eBook. Can you try this one through Wiley to see if you can access it : http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1636304 I will have to report the other ebook record to our e-resources team Thank you! You are welcome Is it working for you? Yes, I think that's all there.  Thank you for finding that!  Have an excellent rest of your day. You do the same :) I will report the other link Thank you. :)

Hi.  I am trying to find the date and publication information for a poem entitled "She" by Alice Walker.  Can you help me with this? hi do you mean the date of publication? Yes and where it was published--it is for a reference list  ok, so did you get it here at Carnegie Mellon? Walker has several publications of poems, but I can't see a table of contents for any of those published works.  And no, I did not get it here at CMU.  I found it online for a research paper I'm writing. and you are trying to find it online again?  Or does the online source not have the date?  The problem is that you need to reference the exact source you used .. so if you found the poem on the web, you would cite that and put "n.d." for (no date) - referencing the website OK, that is what I'll do--thanks very much you're welcome Have a good weekend. you too

Hello I need help  hello how may i help? finding the following article:  Ikle, Fred C., "The Reagan Defense Program: A Focus on Strategic Imperatives," Strategic Review, Spring 1982.  did you check e-journals on the library website? yes All I can find is the citation  do you have the link for the site where you got the information? It originally came from the footnotes in a book  http://xx4ay4fv5x.search.serialssolutions.com/?ctx_ver=Z39.88-2004&ctx_enc=info:ofi/enc:UTF-8&rfr_id=info:sid/ProQ%3Apais&rft_val_fmt=info:ofi/fmt:kev:mtx:journal&rft.genre=article&rft.jtitle=Strategic+Review&rft.atitle=The+Reagan+defense+program%3A+a+focus+on+the+strategic+imperatives&rft.au=Ikl’©%2C+Fred+Charles&rft.aulast=Ikl’©&rft.aufirst=Fred&rft.date=1982-04-01&rft.volume=10&rft.issue=&rft.spage=11&rft.isbn=&rft.btitle=&rft.title=Strategic+Review&rft.issn=00916846&rft_id=info:doi/ Ok, .. we have the journal in print on the third floor of Hunt Library.  Shelved by title. Above are the results after I look in proquest Here's the information for the library catalog: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/438731  the article is from 1982 Right, so you'll have to place an interlibrary loan .. do you know where you can do this on our website? yes

Hi, is this Hunt Library? Hi I am actually in Sorrells, there is no one online right now from Hunt.  May I be of assistance? Yes! I was wondering if as a CMU student, I have access to LexisNexis for free? Yes, you can access the LexisNexis for free.  Just go to the Library web page, then Research Databases, and then nav. to LexisNexis Got it! Thank you so much my pleasure

I have been reading Henry Hornbostel: An Architect's Master Touch by Walter C Kidney. It includes a request that information about projects that Hornbostel worked on that are not listed in the book should be reported through the following URL: http:www.library.cmu.edu/Research/ArchArch. That URL does not respond. Where can I send my information? Hi Let me take a moment to read what you've written .,, Ah!  Yes links do often go out of date.  My suggestion ... ... send your information to the liaison librarian for Architecture here at Carnegie Mellon. His name is Martin Aurand.  His contact information is ...  ma1f@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 8165 The page number of the book might be helpful as well. Sounds good. Thank you. You're welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today? No thanks. Have a good day then!

Hi: I need to access ISI (thompson reuters index of science) off-campus. But, I can't find the link to do so...used to be on the old site. Can you point me in the right direction? Hi I think you mean Web of Science-look under W and see if Web of Science is the one you mean. yes, sorry, that's what I meant. where do I go to look under W though? That's what I can no longer find No problem. Oh-from the libraries' homepage, go to Search and Find, and then Research databases.  Here's the link for the libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu and I'll send you the link for the databases http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php here's direct link to W databses http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=w thank you! You're welcome!

Hello,  Hi How may I help you? I'm a CIT prof and we're launching a CMU research project next week. It'll have it's own website I'm looking for some advice on how to recommend folks "cite" the website.  I guess it won't be a DOI, as its not a report. Although we'll have a corresponding report in the CMU repository. But our website (emissionsindex.org), which goes live on Tuesday, will have info on it that folks will cite. Does it need a DOI? There are a number of different styles that a website could be cited in For example (APA, Chicago, MLA, etc.) I asked Lynn Berard but she's out of town. Are you requiring a specific style? It won't necessarily need a DOI because it's not technically a journal article Thanks-  Let me see if I can get an example citation for a website in APA for you It's alright, I can go get that. Thanks, have a great day

Hi - I am a new student and wondering if I can locate a book by its call number through this website search? when i type in the call number nothing is returned on the search engine Hello That's a good questions. That option used to be available. I can look into it for you. What is the call number? it is "NX230.p83 2011" I need the name of the book - from there I can search the rest of the information Just a minute. thank you Is this it? http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1439884 yes that looks like it thanks a million - much appreciated You are welcome. The Browse function is pretty hidden. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/AlphaBrowse/Home And I must admit a bit clunky. It worked best just searching NX230 and going from there. 

Hi! hi Could you please resend the HBR cases available in library? I would be grateful Apologies for inconvenience You're chatting with a different librarian.  Let me check and see what was sent before oh! Okay I just wanted to know what all harvard business review articles are available in library? Any electronic subscription which we can access for free, being CMU students? This is what he sent, but cases are not in the HBR. You might find an article that covers a case, but they won't be the cases  Harvard business review (0017-8012) from 10/01/1922 to present in Business Source Premier from 01/01/1997 to 05/31/2000 in Academic OneFile and General OneFile from 11/01/2015 to present in ProQuest Telecommunications12:37 ethanp@libraryh3lp.com you can go to e-journals on our website and search for the title Harvard Business Review then click on the years in which you are interested.12:37 ethanp@libraryh3lp.com however, I don't know if they cover all cases in the journal. Also what is the procedure to access those articles? It's already been sent: you can go to e-journals on our website and search for the title Harvard Business Review then click on the years in which you are interested. And do we have physical copies of HbR available in library which we can have access to for free? e-journals link can be found under Search and Find on the Libraries' homepage. Yes, we have paper copies. You can search our library catalog to see if we have a journal in paper.  Here's the link to the HBR catalog record: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/441027

hello hi i am on the ieee website, Is it possible to sign in with my Andrew id to download a paper? Hi.  The best thing to do is to go into the library's web site.  Use the "Research Databases" link and choose IEEE Xplore from the alphabetical listing of databases. I'll send you the databases link... http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php If you're off campus, it will prompt you for your andrew id & password.   It may do the same if you're on wireless.

Hi. I am looking for the latest edition of design issues journal hi Let me check thank you The latest and this would be online is Volume 32Issue 1 - Winter 2016 thanks. how do I download.  This link should take you to the record that has the link for the online http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/439365 you beat me to it. thanks! Access via MIT Press (2000-present)  would i have to log in to access? If you're offcampus or on wireless, you should get a login prompt.

Hi,  Hello\ I requested a book last week. How can I check its status? What is the book title? comparative issues in the governance of research biobanks Where did you request it from? Off-site? Interlibrary Loan? Holds? I filled out the forms online. But I dunno how to chck it Do you know what form it was? I don't remember its name there was one from CMU You probably used one of these services. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You could try logging in to check the status. yes it was Illiad it says: request send Would I be contacted when the book is ready? You might want to contact the interlibrary loan office. http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/andrew-marshall You would be contacted when it has arrived. I see. I guess I'll wait. Thank you for your help. You are welcome.

Hi, I worked in Canonsburg, can I borrow books from cmu library? thanks Hi Are you a current CMU affiliate? I am not a student nor a cmu affiliate Oh okay. The only way you could borrow books then is by physically coming to our library and signing up for a SPecial Patron Card I am a research and development engineer so I want to borrow books Here is the form for a Special Patron Card: https://libwebspace.library.cmu.edu/libraries-and-collections/Forms/Special%20Patron%20Application.pdf  no problem, what is the office hours?  Here is a link to our hours of operation: http://library.cmu.edu/about/hours Good, thanks so much We also have an Engineering & Sciences Library (Named Sorrells Library) that focuses on more engineering info: http://library.cmu.edu/about/hours/809/general You are very welcome! Thanks , I will go there later. Okay. Have a great day You too. :)

Hi, I wanted to get the name of a book I checked out before. Do you have a way of pulling up our history for checked out books? hi No, sorry, we don't really have a way to do that. do you remember the subject/author, or anything about it? It was about math. I checked it out of the Wean library. It was a really old book. All I remember was that it was about mathematics helpful for engineers. I think the authors were also from an engineering school in Saudi, but I could be wrong. In either case, there are no records of any sort? You could try asking the librarians at E&S Library if they know what book you mean.   None of them are on chat right now, but here's the email address: sciref@andrew.cmu.edu Great, thank you very much!

Hello, I wonder if this book: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1577882 is available for students to use inside the library? let me check one momen  thank you Yes on reserve at Hunt Library Hunt Library - HL-CIRCDK -- (Hunt Library circ desk) check at Hunt Library front desk for a copy use 2 hr in library according to our catalog record...4 copies on reserve but you can contact Hunt Library staff to verify http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/reserves Ok thank you Have a good day. Thanks for your help

hi hello how may i help? Who is the liaison librarian for Chemistry? Ah .. let me verify this, but I think it is Matt Marsteller ok is there a way i would be able to find that on my own for each department normally, yes.  They are listed on our website .. hold for the url .. but we are in transition and reorganizing .. so let me double check on that too ok here's the guide for liaisons by department .. http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/expert Ok .. for now, please email sciref@andrew.cmu.edu

Can we get access to this paper: https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/product/1020007-robot-operating-system-ros-and-open-source/ ? hello let me check with what school/department are you affiliated?  I can get you the librarian contact who can help with this. I am with the Institute for Software Research, Computer Science Department, working under Josh Sunshine and Claire LeGoues. Ok, I can forward your request to sciref@andrew.cmu.edu or you can email them directly.  Which do you prefer? Go ahead and forward my request, that'd be great.  I'll need your contact info (email) dwidder@uoregon.edu (I'm a summer Research Intern) great .. I'll forward this and someone should contact you soon. or actually, use dwidder@andrews.cmu.edu Anything else? Nope.  Thank you! yes, great .. they'll receive your request and respond to you at the above email.  Thank you and have a great day.

Hello! I am researching my father's earlier life, a bit of which was at Carnegie Tech in the 30s. Unfortunately, I live in California! Is there a way to search the archives online? Thank you, Lynn Topar one moment You need to comtact Julia Corrins art jcorrin@andrew.cmu.edu or 412-268-7402. We do not have a database to search but you can contact her with you questions and she can search for you or tell you where you can find information why thank you! you are welcome

Hi, I'm trying to search for materials through the site and I'm having a problem This is the problem: php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Temporary failure in name resolution ok what database are you looking at? I need a bit more info to figure this out with you.... Not really sure, I just did a general search for "general westmoreland gates commission" on the Library "Everything" search box? Yeah ok let me see one moment.... I don't get results for any records in our LIbrary catalog using this search string but I do get results for "Articles & more" Okay, I'll try that are you looking for something specific? well, I really want a transcript of the Gates commission meeting where Westmoreland spoke. But I'm still trying to find out who has that / what the document is called I suggest that you email our History Librarian, Sue Collins:  sc24@andrew.cmu.edu Oh that would be great actually, I'll do that Thanks so much

I am a Pitt student and am a member of CMU library hi I am loggedin right now and am trying to access the book http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1572530 what do you mean, you are a member of CMU library?  you purchaed membership? I am unable to. Can you help me? Electronic books are only available to those with Andrew IDs.  Do you have an Andrew ID? I registered with CMU library as a pitt student. I log in to pitt library with my ID and PIN yes, that allows you to check out books, but not ebooks I have CAMEO ID oh OK. your CAMEO ID IS for your book accounts. Got it. You can however, read it at our library come in and ask for an pass to online sources you can use the pass to view the book in our library .. you can bring a USB to download a chapter OK. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. are you sure it's not available at PITT? no problem I checked. it is not available got it .. anything else?

Hello, I would like to access Hoover's database in the library resources. How do I login? hi are you on campus or off campus? Off campus ok .. go to library.cmu.edu under the search box there's a link to Research Databases click on it, then click H, and scroll down to Hoover's Click on Hoover's and you should be asked to authenticate .. type in your Andrew ID and password Tried that. It says invalid username or password did you type your CMU email (without the @andrew.cmu.edu)? I was able to login yesterday Yes do you have the caps on? No what browser? Chrome ok .. are you a current student, staff, or faculty? Current student hmm...are you able to call?  I am going to try to walk you through a couple of options ok ok here's my number 8-5018 sorry .. 412 268 5018

Hi. Do we have access to Scientific American articles that aren't otherwise free to read online? hi do you mean for CMU students, faculty, and staff? Students in particular, yes. You can check two places: our e-journals - http://library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals that way you see for what years and from what databases they are available  we also have them in print and on microfilm - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/207543 Found it in the eJournals. Thank you so much! you're welcome anything else? That was it. Thanks! have a great day then :)

hello hello how may i help you? where can i find research papers published on machine learning and data analytics i want to pursue some research in machine learning and data analysis and therefore, need some reference We have many databases you can use .. let's start with this: Academic OneFile could be useful .. know how to get to it? no i used this recently: http://repository.cmu.edu/do/search/?q=machine%20learning&amp;start=0&amp;context=1 go to our library website .. library.cmu.edu below the search box, you'll see Research Databases Listed Alphabetically is Academic One file you can also get a list by subject if that works better ..  What college or department are you in?  I may be able to locate a relevant guide and provide you with a subject expert oh thanks i just found academic one file and searching for my subjects now

hi Hello I was trying to get access to this electronic item: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/552764 but the link https://ereserves.library.cmu.edu/reserves/eserkraut21.pdf is not found on the server when i try to open the link, I get "The requested URL /reserves/eserkraut21.pdf was not found on this server." I just tried it myself and discovered the same problem. Let me see what I can find out. thanks I am going to GUESS this is an old Ereserve that is no longer available. But let me double check. ok Unfortunately my colleagues who might know more about this are not available. If you'd like to provide your email address I can get back to you with an answer. sure my email is marynelv@cmu.edu thanks for checking Great. I will be in touch. 

Hello, I'm a first year MBA student at the Tepper School, and I was hoping to get some help on tracking down some market research on the athletic apparel/activewear industry.  I've searched IBISworld but I can't find anything relevant.  Can you point me in the right direction?  Thanks sure - I can help yoy you Have you looked yet at this guide to industry research?  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries?  Yes that is where I started and led me to IBIS world Is there link in particular from that site that I should check out? It seems to be hard to delineate sports apparel from sporting goods and regular clothing You might try these terms:  "active sportswear", "athletic footwear" -  but as far as databases, your best bets from that list are probably:  Passport, RKMA, Statista, and Just- Series (Style) Okay, I will check those out.  Thanks! If you give me your email I'll send you some more ideas later Sure, msbandi@tepper.cmu.edu Thanks again you're welcome

Good Morning! Do you have electronic files of students' theses available? Particularly undergraduate honors theses? Hi! We do have a database that will potentially provide access to dissertations and theses. Let me get you the link Thank you! Here they are. They are called Dissertations and Theses by Proquest. The first link includes institutions across the globe. The second one is CMU-specific: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?q=dissertations%20and%20theses Now, there is no guarantee that the full text will be there for each and every dissertation or theses. But you will be able to get the citation information for many In addition to this, CMU-specific ones may show up in our catalog or Research Showcase (our institutional repository) if they were submitted that way. thank you! the link doesn't include undergraduate honors theses, but i appreciate your help! Here is the link to Research Showcase: http://library.cmu.edu/find/unique/researchshowcase/search we'll check with the dietrich dean's office Sounds good. Research Showcase may contain some as well :)_ :)  great! thanks so much and have a great day! You do the same! Thanks for reaching out to us :)

Hi I couldn't find this book  The Design of Experiments in Neuroscience did you look in our catalog? we are having problems with the catalog today let me check for you I searched it online thanks Doesn't look like we own this title.  You can borrow it by using our Interlibrary Loan services: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting okay thank you for your help good day by the way is this a text for a class? just checking  since the prof can also put a copy on reserve in the libraries No it's required for my research in neuroscience  ok then Interlibrary Loan will be your best bet for now...I will look into ordering a copy for our collection Thank you 

Good afternoon--Does CMU have a subscription to the Oxford English Dictionary? Hi I'm fairly certain that we do.  Let me double check. Would you also minding checking if it is online? Do you mean if it is working at the moment? We do have online access.  The simplest way to gain access (for me) is to use our list of Research Databases - a link is on our library home page just under the Search Box. You can use the A to Z listing and look under "O."  It's under OED: Oxford English Dictionary in the listing. Sorry, where would I find the A-Z listing? On the library's main page you'll see a blue "Everything" search box.  Just under that is a link for "Research Databases". Clicking on the list will bring up the A to Z listing. Clicking on the "link" (not list)...

where can I find databases of newspapers like old new york times and chicago tribunes Hi! Let me double-check on this thanks! No problem. Okay, follow these steps: 1. start at www.library.cmu.edu okay done Great! Now click on the "Research Databases" link under the blue search box okay Now, change the drop down menu that says "All Database Types" to "Newspapers" Once you've done that, scroll down to the "H" section and there should be two links to historical newspapers of both the New York Times and Chicago Tribune great thank you so much! No problem at all! have a good day! Is there anything else that I can help you with? Thank you! You do the same :) no thank you!

Excuse me ,do your school have open access service(OA)? Thanks do your school have or pulish open access journals Hello Are you asking IF we publish our own open access journals or if we provide access to open access journals? own I am not aware of an open access journal published by our university. However it is possible a department might publish an open access title.  ok.do your school have open access repository? Yes. Our institutional repository is called Research Showcase. http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/researchshowcase/search thanks You are welcome.

Hi! I have a question about accessing materials. I'm a new adjunct for this fall. hi with which college/school/department are you affiliated? the History department Ok, what's is your question regarding access? I am just trying to see if there is access available for the New York Times online. I'm trying to find older articles but I've hit my 10 free limit yes, we do subscribe to the historical archive .. let me guide you to that ..  are you able to browse simultaneously?  If so, head to our library page http://library.cmu.edu/ under the catalog search box, you should see a link to Research Databases Click on "H" and scroll down to "Historical Newspapers: New York Times". Does this help? yes, perfect! thank you! Also, your library liaison for history is Sue Collins (sc24@andrew.cmu.edu) and she'll be happy to meet with you and provide an "orientation" to our resources.  Shoot her an email. Thanks so much! I appreciate it very muh *much Not a problem .. did I answer all your needs? yes, thank you! Great, have a great day and welcome

Hello, I was wondering if you could answer a question about Endnote "online"  thanks What is your question? I noticed that CMU students have access to it. I am working on a research project and would find it very helpful to use it, but I am unable to download the file onto my computer. I was under the impression there is an online use version, do we have access to that as well? The Library does not have subscription. Ethan Pullman is the Librarian who is well versed on such issues. Please contact him. His email address is ethanp@cmu.edu thanks

Hi, I've found a resource that I'd like to use but I cannot figure out how to access it Hello! What is the name of the resource Cultural revolution? The challenge of the arts in the 1960s is the title Oh okay, so this is a book then? I believe so but it showed up under "articles and more" okay, let me investigate further. One moment please Okay, this is a book and it looks like we don't have it unfortunately. However, the University of Pittsburgh has it at one of their libraries. I believe they allow CMU affiliates to check out their materials okay awesome I'll look into that thank you! No problem. I can give you the link to their catalog record one moment Here it is: http://pittcat.pitt.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?BBID=1169860 It's in their Fine Arts Library great thank you so much! You are welcome! Here is their contact info for the Fine Arts Library: http://library.pitt.edu/fine-arts

Hi hi I'm looking for an article in this journel http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/436382 vol 1-2 1983 the website states it's shelved by title Does that mean CMU has it? or I would need to go through interlibrary loan The link you gave is from the libraries' catalog, which is the material that CMU has.  Yes, vols. 1-2 are on the shelves in the Engineering and science library in Wean Hall. No need to go through ILL. Great thanks! Do you know the location in the library? You are very welcome!   Have great day!  Yes-library is in Wean Hall, on the 4th floor . As you come out of the elevator, it's to your left. let me know if you need a map of CMU to find Wean Hall oh, I mean where is the journal inside the library? Is there a call number that I can use to find it? oh-sorry!! It will be in the periodical section, shelved alphabetically by the title of the journal. there will be people in the library -as  you enter, that can help you find it. okay great! Thank you have a nice day You're welcome-you have a nice day, too! :-)

Do you keep a log of items that I've checked out? hi I can't remember the name of a book I borrowed last winter yes and no you can see what you have currently by going to my account.  Do you know where that is? Items that you have brought back already are automatically eliminated from your record privacy reasons ok thanks anyway! sure .. do you need the link to My Account? No, my question was about an item that I had checked out and returned -- not about an item I currenlty have checked out. ah, ok .. anything else then? That was my only question.  Thank you for your help

Do you have this book? QA402.3 .S45 2008	 Hello! Just a moment while I search our catalog. Is this the book you're looking for?  http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1490492 Yes do you have it here? Unfortunately, it appears our only holding is on the Qatar campus.  However, you can request this via interlibrary loan.  Are you interested in doing that? I can do that  Thanks!  No problem--let me know if you have any questions about making the ILL request. I am aware of that process. I used that in the past Thank you! 

Hi hi I am a PhD student in mech engineering I was wondering if I can request CMU library to add subscription to ASME digital collection I'll need to refer you to your liaison librarian.  Let me get the contact information for you Sure Lynn Berard lberard@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 2428 thanks a lot You're welcome.  Lynn also has some research guides that might be of interest-here's the link for MechW http://guides.library.cmu.edu/meng thanks...i will have a look into it You're very welcome!

Hi, I need access to this particular chapter on the handbook. where can i find this? http://www.oxfordhandbooks.com/view/10.1093/oxfordhb/9780195399820.001.0001/oxfordhb-9780195399820-e-17 hi let me check .. one min plz ok Ok, I see that the online book requires subscription, which we don't have.  However, we do have the print edition http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1473606/TOC#tabnav so you would be able to scan that chapter or check out the entire volume OK, it's at Hunts correct? correct thank you so much you are very welcome anything else? no that's all thank you! have a great day then :)

Hello.  Just wondering if CMU has a license to use the nature.com database?  I am a student trying to read a paper on that database.  How can I login? I believe we have a subscription to the magazine .. let me check    Nature (London)  (0028-0836)      from 01/04/1990 to 1 year ago in Biology Database, Health & Medical Collection, Nursing & Allied Health Database, ProQuest Research Library, Psychology Database and Science Databasefrom 1997 to present in Nature Journals Onlinefrom 01/06/2000 to 1 year ago in Academic OneFile and General OneFile You can go to our website .. http://library.cmu.edu then under the search box .. click on eJournals type the title of the journal (Nature, in this case) and you should see what years are covered by our subscription and from what publishers/databases does this help? Yes I found it! Thank you so much.  Have a great day. you too 

Hello, I am seeking information about Dorothy Parker hi what type of information? I need information about her life and books Ok, are you a student, staff, or faculty at Carnegie Mellon?  What databases have you tried? I am a student but I am not familiar with the databases.  Not a problem ..  Go to library.cmu.edu and find Research Databases link (under search box) there you can click on "L" and find the link for the Literature Resource Center If you're off campus, you'll be asked to log in with your andrew ID and password you can search LRC by person (Dorothy Parker) and you should get tabs that cover various information, bio, works, etc. Perfect! Thank you so much for your help! You're welcome .. anything else? No that's all. Thanks again. great .. have a nice day

Hi, my name is Carla Farias, I am a researcher at the Center for International Relations and Politics here at CMU I found two documents on my research at the NTIS website How can help you? it is a government report, but it is for sale for the public. Is there anyway we can get it though our library here at CMU? For 1990:    http://www.ntis.gov/Search/Home/titleDetail/?abbr=ADA237217 For 1992: http://www.ntis.gov/Search/Home/titleDetail/?abbr=ADA260922 Let me check. ok, thanks Carla, I will try to purchase the books for the Library. Please email me directly. My name is Afeworki Paulos and my email address apaulos2@andrew.cmu.edu okay, I will do that, thank you! OK.

Hi! I'm trying to access the Journal of Engineering Design. ok a particular volume? or citation? On the website, there is a bar at the top that says "Access Provided by Carnegie Mellon University", but it appears that there's still a paywall for the articles.  Journal of engineering design  (0954-4828)      from 01/01/1990 to 12/31/1996 in Taylor & Francis Engineering, Computing & Technology Archive 2012from 01/01/1994 to 18 months ago in Business Source Premierfrom 09/01/1997 to 06/30/2000 in Military Database, ProQuest Research Library and Science Database I just sent you the e-journal listing info for this title so it does not look like we have current years one moment Take your time. Thank you! Yes we don't have access to recent articles.  You would need to request via our Interlibrary loan service ILLiad http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Will do. Thanks for your help! ok have a good weekend

Hi, I am searching journals for my research paper reference but it seems that the system is offline. Could you confirm that?  hi Let me check I've successfully done searches in "everything" "articles and more" "books and more."  Is there a specific database you're trying to use? Hmm, Yeah. It seems to be working again for me as well. Previously I would get an error message saying that the name of the search could not be resolved.  Glad it's working. It's like when  you have a non stop cough, you do to the doctor...no cough.  Yeah. haha. Anyways, thanks for the help Glad it's working for you.   And we have no trouble testing for you whenever you suspect there's a problem. Have a great day-get out and enjoy the nice weather! :-) Yeah. You too! Thx! :-)

Hi Hello! How do I get access to the eTexts? I find a book I need to use in a e-text form Can you provide a bit more information?   Do you mean an ebook? yes What specific book are you looking for? its named An Introduction to Transport Phenomena in materials engineering Okay--great.  Just a moment while I look for that. Here is the catalog record for the electronic version of the book. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1520119 You'll see a link that says "Multiple Users" under the holdings tab. Try clicking on that and let me know if that gives you access to the book. Okay  Gotcha... finally got it work.. Great--sometimes only so many people can use the item at the same time. Perhaps there were too many users the last time you tried. Is there anything else I can help with? nothing

I'm interested in borrowing this book on CD is it available to check out or is this an item that cannot leave the library? A walk in the woods [rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail] /Main Author:	Bryson, Bill.Other Authors:	McQuay, Rob., Books on Tape, Inc.Format:	BOOK-ON-CDLanguage:	EnglishPublished:	Newport Beach, CA : Books on Tape : 1998[Published by arrangement with Broadway Books],Edition:	Library ed.Subjects:	Audiobooks.Bryson, Bill &gt; Journeys &gt; Appalachian Trail.Appalachian Trail &gt; Description and travel. Cover ImageHoldingsDescriptionReviewsExcerptMARC RecordHunt Library - MUS-OFC-4 (Music Office Hunt 4th Floor)Call Number:	F106 .B92 1998AB AUDIO	 Hi Let me take a look at the record, please stand by thank you Hi, you are able to check it out thank you can i access myself on the fourth floor?  or do i need to find my pleasure a special librarian to retrieve this for me?  or? You should be able to get it yourself.  Do you see the "Where is it?" in the record?  Click on that, and it will show you where it is in the Library. kind thanks my pleasure

Hello, I am having trouble logging in remotely, is this something you can help with? Thank you! Hello. What seems to be the problem? I am vpn'd in with cisco anyconnect to "Library Resources VPN", but when I go to log in to the library website, I get the error message "We cannot log you in at this time. Please try again later." I have entered my andrew credentials and my id/pin A couple questions. 1) When you say that you go to the library website and get the error message -- are you trying to log on to a database? Library catalog? 2) Have you tried logging out of the VPN and logging back on? 3) Have you tried not using the VPN at all? 1) I go to http://www.library.cmu.edu/  and then "My account". (I was going to try to access an e-reference book) 2) Yes, and logging into the general cmu vpn. I have also tried opening and closing my browsers, and using different browsers (chrome and firefox) 3) Yes, that was my initial attempt What is the book? The Nature of Statistical Learning Theory OK. Just a second. You should not have to log into My Account in the library catalog to view this book. If you go to the record and click on the link -- you should be able to access the book. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1502750 My Account in the library catalog is really just to place holds, save book records for later or see what you have checked out. It's confusing. 

I located a link to the HathiTrust catalog: https://catalog.hathitrust.org/Record/002137795 Hello again! The publication I am seeking can be found there:  1180-a-1b Okay, great!  Since you have that record, and we have access to it here, can you contact our ILL specialist to see if he can provide the pdf for you? I can get you his contact information Sure Great! His name is Andrew Marshall, and his contact info can be found here: http://library.cmu.edu/about/people/andrew-marshall He should be able to handle it from here. Make sure to tell him about the online access to it instead of the print book Through HathiTrust.  Okay, I sent along an email, thanks! You are welcome!  Thanks for checking back

Thank you - the "Online Access" access link on that page brings me to the springer website, which appears to be paywalled. Am I not accessing it correctly? Are you still logged into the Library Resources VPN? Yes I just tried it and the same thing happened. It looks like we don't have access to this book. But let me try one thing. I tried several things and still couldn't access it on campus. Unfortunately, it may be a bad library catalog record. I can look into it for you if you would like to share your email address with me. That's okay, I appreciate your help, I'll find another reference :) It also appears the springer login is having some problems, so it might be a validation error on their end. My email is mjlevine@andrew.cmu.edu if something comes up, but it's no problem, there are other books :) Thank you for bringing it to our attention! I will keep you posted if I find anything out! Great, have a nice day

I am not finding AIChEJ (Journal of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers) anymore as an e-Journal.  Could you check, since I'm sure I've been able to access that in the past. Sure-just a minute please This record will have the link in it.  It didn't show up in our e-journal list, but was in our catalog.  I'll report this so it can be added to the e-journal list and not be so hard to find! http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/439547 Thank you.  It looks like it worked. Great-that's good to hear! It is inour e-journal list-but this is the title  AIChE journal so next time you need it, just type  AIChE!

hi, I am a postdoc at CMU. It seems that this paper is available through CMU's library. However, the link take me to page where full text is not shown Hello. Can you send me the title or link to the record? sure,  Effects of localised, low-voltage pulsed electric fields on the development and inhibition of Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms OK. Let me check. Do you have more citation information? sure Is it in Biofouling? yes http://dx.doi.org.proxy.library.cmu.edu/10.1080/08927010601053541 http://search.proquest.com.proxy.library.cmu.edu/docview/19876498?pq-origsite=summon We do not have access to the full-text. You could request it through interlibrary loan. Ok thanks, I will How does it take usually to receive it? It's hard to say. It depends on how quickly it's processed at both ends. ok thanks and have a good day bye bye

Hello, hello I'm trying to use the inorganic crystal structure database (ICSD) for research, and was wondering if CMU has an account/access to this let me check one moment I found the following information...let me check a bit further http://icsd.ill.fr/icsd/ This link was posted by our previous Chemistry Librarian, https://libwebspace.library.cmu.edu/chemistry/InorganicChemistry.html I am not sure if we have a current license but I can check and get back to you if you want to provide your email or send me your contact info...Donna Beck, Engineering Librarian, donnab@andrew.cmu.edu Great, my email is nnakamur@andrew.cmu.edu Thanks! ok I'll let you know ASAP--Donna

hi hello How may I help you? i am a new student and trying to figure out where to go to get the following book Engineering &amp; Science Library - STACKS http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/761419 Welcome to CMU! thank you Okay, let me take a look at the book my office is at mellon institute, but i am not sure whether this is in the mellon library, the sorrels library, or the hunt library This particular book is in the Sorrels Library in Wean Hall I can get you directions in a second Here are the locations of all of our libraries:http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/locations sounds good, i think i found it Sorrels is the 2nd library listed. Sorry, here's the link again: http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/locations how long are books usually issued for? Are you a graduate student or an undergrad? also, is it possible to request new books, which are currently not available i am a graduate student Graduates get books for 90 days with one renewal (another 90 days) ok, 6 months sounds like plenty of time You can request books that we don't have using our interlibrary loan service Here is some more information on our ILL services: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting ok, how long are ILL books issued for? That will depend on the lending institution's library. It can vary Most books circulate for 3 weeks i see, is that the same for renewals? of ILL books It will also depend on the institution ok, thank you i'm off to get this book have a nice day

Hi there, I am trying to track down a journal article but am having trouble doing so HI the  title is: 	Gender Differences in Heterosexual College Students' Conceptualizations and Indicators of Sexual Consent: Implications for Contemporary Sexual Assault Prevention Education Can you give me the name of the journal article or citation information Okay, thanks! The Journal of sex research Great! Let me see what I can find thank you so much :) my pleasure! Do you know what year the article was published? 2014 51	Issue:	8	Page:	904 - 916 Okay, it looks like we only have access to this journal through 2009.  In this case, you will need to use our interlibrary loan (ILL) services  yea i saw a message to that effect, i was hoping there might be a "work-around" Have you done that before? Unfortunately, that is the only way we would be able to get it it's been many years!  I'm a CMU alum (2007) who started working for the university about a year and a half ago Welcome back! thank you! I can show you how to access our interlibrary loan services that would be fantastic if you wouldn't mind no problem! Here is the link to that service: http://library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You will want to use the ILLIad service on the left-hand side thank you kindly for your help, it is much appreciated!! When first using this system, you will have to fill out some information on yourself so that we can get the article to you My pleasure! Then after that, you would just fill out a journal article request with as much citation information that you can provide and our team will find a copy of it for you from other libraries wonderful, thank you! you are very welcome! Is there anything else that I can help you with today? no i think that's it, i hope you have a great afternoon thank, you! You do the same Thanks for contacting us today :)

Hi, I've this book that I wanted to reserve. I wanted to know if I can do it online? Hi Happy to help; I'm rather new here, please give me a moment to get an answer sure thank you Okay, is the book already checked out, or is it available? It's available  https://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/555273 I don't see any reserve button so I'm not sure Yep, okay, you can only place a hold on the book if it is already checked out; otherwise you will have to come into the Library in person to get the book.  If you like, I can go check now to make sure it is in the stacks I actually am in the library and I have the book with me right now Ah, okay, then you can check it out at the circulation desk near the front Ah ok can't do it online. Cool thanks Yes, sorry no - you have to check it out in person at the desk

Hello! I am a staff member and I have a question regarding a publication. Hi I am not sure if this is the correct point of contact, but I was told the university has a subscription to the Chronicle of Higher Education that staff can access. Is this true? Yes!  It's in our list of Research Databases.  Go to the Libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu and you'll see a link under the search box, or under the "Search and Find" Menu.  In the Research Databases, click on "C" for Chronicle and you should see it listed. Great. Thank you so much!!! You're very welcome! :-) Follow up question! Do I need to log in to view articles or can I already since it is a CMU premium account? If you're on a CMU IP address, you should be able to get in seamlesslly and read articles.  If you're off campus, you should be prompted for your Andrew user ID and password, and then you should be able to read articles. Oh great! thank you! You're welcome!

Hi. How do I get access to the online O'Reilly Safari catalog through the CMU Library? he Sorry - hi - we have a link to it with our databases  - just a sec and I'll get it ok It's listed with the research databases as Safari Books Online - http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=s The books are also individually listed by title and author in the catalog - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced OK - do I have to sign in with my cmu id somewhere first or does the proquest site redirect me as needed to log in? If you use the link from the catalog, and you are off campus - it will just direct you first to the authentication screen which asks for your andrew username and pw.  If you're on the campus network, you'll just access it directly. OK - Thanks!

my teacher said own textbook was available through the library for download. how do i download the pdf of the book? hello what is the title of your book? you'll need to look it up in the library catalog. Intermolecular and surface forces : with applications to colloidal and biological systems You may be able to download a chapter or the whole book, depends on the publisher. http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/216592 if you are off campus, you'll need to log in when you click on the link, you should see Access Online this one is a print copy on reserve here's the online copy: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1475390 you can click on the link that says "online access" thank you sure .. anything else? do i need to create an account to download it? it brought me to another website http://site.ebrary.com.proxy.library.cmu.edu/lib/cmu/detail.action?docID=10478352 yes.  On the left you can see download options full, or chapter is the downloaded version only available to me for 14 days? I believe so .. you can download a chapter by chapter.  If you have other questions about this, double check with the sciences librarians at scienceref@andrew.cmu.edu

Is there any way I can get my borrowing history? no that is erased after you check in a book privacy of information  FYI, in the future, you can use Mendeley to save citations of sources in a library.  here's a link to our guide for more info: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/Mendeley OK, I see Thank you very much! sure.. anything else? If you have questions about mendeley feel free to contact your liaison librarian .. what department are you with? Chemical Engineering Ok, here's your librarian - Donna Beck donnab@andrew.cmu.edu Thanks. I'll keep the information Have a good day! u too

Hi, I'm starting class on August 31st as a graduate student, so I'm unfamiliar with CMU. OK. Did you have a particular quesiton? question At PSU, the library had 2 hour book rentals within a special section of the library. Is that the case here too? My first required textbook is Second language learningtheories (3rd ed) You might be referring to course reserves. These are materials that a professor places on hold for a course. And yes, they are lent out for 2-hour periods and must be used on-site. Have you tried searching for this item in the catalog? http://library.cmu.edu Where is that located and how do I find out if my professors do that? http://library.cmu.edu click on the tab that says "Books & More" When the results come up, click on the title that you need. The record will  indicate whether it's already been placed as a course reserve or whether you can take it off the stacks yourself. In the event that it's already been processed as a reserve item, you can request it at the circulation desk (the front desk), to the left of the entrance of Hunt Library. Oh yes, now I see it. They have the 2nd edition as opposed to the third, but that should probably still be okay. You may also check the holdings at the Univ. of Pittsburgh, as you have reciprocal borrowing privileges over there. InternetPublisher description (off-campus link) Hunt Library - STACKS-2 (Stacks 2nd Floor)Call Number:	P118.2 .M58 2004	 Where is it?Copy 1	AvailableCopy 2	Available http://www.library.pitt.edu/ The record you copied and pasted indicated that we have two copies located on the 2nd floor of Hunt. That's not reserve, correct? That's great that there's reciprocity. Should I message the professor and ask her to place the 3rd edition in course reserves? Correct re: reserve. If it had already been placed on reserve by your professor, the record would normally indicate this. But as the semester has not yet started, perhaps your professor hasn't gotten around to it. yet. Okay, thank you very much. That was extremely helpful. You're very welcome.

Hi, I've located a book that I would like to check out. Call number states it is located at the stacks at the Software Engineering Institute, but when I look up that building's library it only references a digital (not physical) library... Where may I go to locate this book? hi can you give me the title of the book so I can check the record and see what it says? Franklin Toker:  Pittsburgh: an urban portrait F159 .P63 T65 Thx-just a sec.  BTW, there is a physical libray in the SEI.  BRB. other copies at hunt are either reference only or appear to be out OK.  There is a paper copy at the SEI Library.  Hunt Library is supposed to have 3 copies.  The Hunt 4th floor reference copy is missing.  There should be a copy on the 2nd floor, and also a copy on the 4th floor. arent' the copies on second and fourth floor reference, or may they be checked out (i'm faculty, if that makes a difference) No, copies on the 2nd and 4th floors are circulating copies.  Only reference copies are non-circulating.  And status doesn't really make a difference. OK thank you! You're very welcome!

Hi, do you know where I can find Chinese data? Like China Year Book? hi-just a minute http://eng.stat.gov.tw/lp.asp?ctNode=2815&CtUnit=1072&BaseDSD=36 We also have paper copy in the Hunt Reference room http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/434217 Thank you! You're welcome! Sorry, I wanted the Republic of China, not Taiwan. I think this is Taiwan data right? People's Republic of China http://www.stats.gov.cn/english/ Oh okay, yeah I think this is the official gov website. I was thinking maybe our library might have more detailed version. But that's okay, Thanks a lot! No, we don't - nothing that would be current. You're welcome! okay. :)

nobody answers the reference desk phone number. anybody home? What number are you calling? How can I help you? moving on. does the CMU library system subscribe to the Wall Street Journal online still? If so, what's the url Yes, it does. Do you want current issues? online means daily. this is for my students. I get it in paper and online via my personal subscription. you do not seem to have a listing for the daily online publication in your wonderful catalog.  http://www.wsj.com/ is the general portal; what are the CMU credentials? If you go to the Research Databases list, you will find a link to the full-text Wall Street Journal which is available through ProQuest. http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=w Unfortunately, it's not as nice as the real WSJ interface. If you enter Wall Street Journal into your Search and Find, what you describe does NOT come up. Obscurantism is hardly patron friendly... bye I will send your comments along. That's pointless of course. Bye

Hi I cannot find articles on the library page Hi. Tell me a little bit about the types of articles that you are looking for and I think I should be able to help. I am writing a research paper about SAT test so I typed in SAT test Okay. In the search box that we put in kind of the center of the library's home page has an "Everything" search ... is that where? yeh I typed there And your results are kind of a split screen of results right? CAMEO Library Catalog on the left and Articles & More on the right? Articles & More will lead you to a very large number of articles on the SAT test.  I was thinking that you mean the Scholastic Aptitude Test ... right? yes I got it Thank you

Hi, I want to get this article: Octree-based heuristic algorithm for 3-D packing. I tried using ILLiad but my request was canceled. Can you hel? *help hi Did you get a reason for the request being cancelled? "The book or journal is in offsite storage.  Go to Cameo & request the item be retrieved from storage & delivered to your pick up library. The call number is TA174 .D462A 1994 VOL. 1/2." but I can;t find it in Cameo with the given call number oh-it was cancelled because we have it.  Give me a minute and I'll give you a link to the record. ok thanks http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/467641 You want 1994 vols. 1 and 2 of this record.  Click on "Place a hold" to get it from offsite.  You'll get an email when it's available for you to pick up. great! Thanks! Good bye! You're welcome! :-)

how do i check out an ebook?  every time I add to my cart there is no option to actually "reserve" ebooks don't usually get checked out ..  oh ok well then how do i go about reading or getting access to an ebook? you just click on the link and enter your Andrew ID do you have a title yes...."Data Smart" ok .. so when you go to the library catalog record .. do you see a link? i do not....the only "link" i have is the ability to click on the title but nothing else wait .. data smart is NOT an ebook .. it is print and only available at the Qatar library nevermind .. found the ebook you mean this? http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1515856 yes that is what i am looking at that's a one user at a time .. try the second copy here - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1724289 then click on connect to this resource .. then on the right click "start reading" ok great thank you!....so I just need to make sure I have the ability to click on "connect to this resource online" for any ebook i find? every ebook is different unfortunately .. but generally yes. you look for a link to click on some go to the book  some take you to chapters ok good to know....thank you for the help! depends on the publisher's interface :) anything else I can help with? no thanks I am good now have a nice day have a great day

Hi, I want to get "Good Analytical Research" . http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/09638180.2011.559030 Can I get the paper? Thanks! hi are you on campus? Yes ok .. let me check to see if we have access to this article .. but so far it looks like you have to place an interlibrary loan for it I'll wait! it looks like we have access to it... did you go through the ejournals link? Yes.. but I couldn't get it Maybe I don't know how to do ok .. so go to eJournals and type the journal name "European Accounting Review" you'll see access is available via Business Source Premier Click on it, then on the right, choose 2011, then issue 1.  The article should be 4th or so How can I search for the paper? Oh I got it! Thanks!! great .. anything else? No. thanks! great .. have a good day

Hello, I'm trying to find articles about theories of how people learn new things. Do you have an idea of where I should start looking? Hello Have you tried any databases yet? Hi, I've tried using psychological databases, but I'm unsure of what specifically to search for. "Learning theories" seems too broad That's a good start. Let me do a quick search. Thank you! While "learning theory" is indeed broad. It looks like the phrase is used as a subject heading. You may want to start with that. And then refine your search on the results page. For instance you could limit by date or document type (like scholarly journals only). You can also limit by subject. Once you find an article that seems perfect. Look closely at the full record to see similar subjects and keywords. Clicking on this could lead to more relevant material.  Do you have a certain angle with your research? Are you focusing on task learning or a classroom setting? Do you have an age group in mind? Narrowing down your topic could also help. Okay, great! That's very helpful. I appreciate your help! You are welcome. You may also want to search ProQuest or Academic OneFile -- general databases.

hi  hi I need a paper to download for which it seems like the library does not have access to can you help me to get the paper from any other source  	Z. G. Guo, L. Q. Pan, H. M. Qiu, M. Y. Rafique, S. Zeng, "Micromagnetic Simulation of CoFe Magnetic Nanorings: Switching Behavior in External Magnetic Field", Advanced Materials Research, Vol. 710, pp. 80-84, 2013 this is the paper I am talking about ok-let me double check the citation. sure  Yeah, we only have that journal from 2015->present, but you can get it by filling out an interlibrary loan form.  We'll find a library that has it and get a copy for you . I'll send the link in a minute http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You'll want to use the ILLiad service. okay .. I am requesting for it If you've never done it before you'll need to register, a quick process yes, I havent done this before can you please register me  no-you need to register yourself.  Very easy and quick process-just want your name, address, email, dept. etc-basic demographic stuff sure  I am doing that Excellent!  You should get your article in a few days Thanks a lot have a good day  You're very welcome! You, too! :-) :)

Does the library have copies of IEEE standards, specifically 29148? Hi Yes, the library should have all IEEE standards within our IEEE Xplore database.  Do you know where our research databases are listed off of the library's main web page? I'll look for 29148 ... 29148-2011  -  Systems and software engineering -- Life cycle processes --Requirements engineering   <-- Yes, I found it there. okay excellent Are you able to find IEEE Xplore okay? at the moment I'm having some issues Let me know if I can help.  I can at least send the standard to your andrew email address. rhoover@alumni.cmu.edu I think Do you by any chance have an andrew email address?  I'm forbidden by licensing restrictions to send the standard to an alumni address.  If you happen to be near campus, you're welcome to come and get a day pass. I understand. I'll try to come in sometime Thank you for your help. Glad to try.

Hi, are the Foundations and Trends journals from Now Publishers available through the library? hi let me check we have several journals with the words "foundations and trends" available via our eJournals Here's a list:     Foundations and trends in accounting  (1554-0642)      from 08/01/2006 to 12/31/2006 in Academic OneFile you can find it by going to http://library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals typing "foundations and trends" and selecting the desired title However, they are not available through the present .. most are back issues .. were you looking for recent issues? Yes Ah, then you probably have to borrow the article you need via ILLiad.  Or ask the librarian from your department if we can purchase current access .. though that wouldn't be immediate.  What school/college/department are you in? I'm a grad student in the Robotics Institute It's okay, I'll find relevant papers that I can access Ok, I would also contact your liaison librarian .. do you know who they are? I do not. Who should I contact? Jill Chisnell her email is jillianc@andrew.cmu.edu Alright, thanks a lot! You are most welcome .. anything else? No, that's all ok .. have a great day

I would like to get access to the following, and don't know how: http://www.annualreviews.org/journal/statistics Hi! Let me look into this for you... one minute Annual Reviews can be found under the research databases on the CMU homepage, going through the website should help you connect if you cannot currently But I want to download articles. Will I be able to? We do seem to have access to the database, but I would need to know the article to tell if it's possible to download. Do you have a particular one you are looking for? http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/full/10.1146/annurev-statistics-010814-020335 You're right, it doesn't appear that we have a subscription for the article. You could do an Interlibrary Loan request to get a copy of it; have you ever used ILL before? Not worth it, thank youo

I'm Maryam Pakdaman Ph.D. candidate of information science I work on my thesis with this topic:"Evaluation and ranking mobile library application" Hi Maryam. Thanks for contacting us with your question Let me check and see if we have a mobile app for the library. I'm fairly new and am still learning the system One second please Thank you Ok Okay, I did find this section on the library's website that covers mobile apps: http://library.cmu.edu/research/tools However, it looks like these are all additional tools outside of the library as opposed to a mobile app for the library itself. I am checking with the circulation desk to see if there is any additional information on this and you have Browzin in this link http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/tools/browzine

Hi. I want to borrow a book named unix internals by uresh vahalia, but i cant find how to reserve it. hi is it checked out? No. The status shows available copy 1 is available You can only hold an item that is checked out or in Off-site.  So you'll need to go to the library to get it. How can i find its location? it should be one of the tabs in the record.. what is the title?  I can look it up unix internals  by uresh vahalia Engineering & Science Library - STACKSCall Number:	QA76.76 .O63 V33 1996Copy 1	Available Do i give this number at the desk and ask for it, or can you tell the process If you don't know how the call number system works, someone at the desk can help you find it on the shelf, no worries. Thank you. most welcome .. know where the library is? wean hall if i am not wrong yes. forth floor Ok. Thank you very much. you're welcome .. have a gr8 day

Good afternoon Hi I am looking for the book titled "Fundamentals of Brain Network Analysis" I found a link of this book on ebrary but I am unable to download it can you please help me One can find links to lots of e-books, but the key is, did the libraries buy it so you have the right to access the material?  You can find that out by checking our catalog, just like a regular book.  I'll check for you. ok Do you have an author by any chance?  we should have access to the e-book "Fundamental of Brain Network Analysis,"  (though someone is using at this time), but we don't have access to "Fundamentals of Brain Network Analysis" (not fundamentals is pleural here, singular in the other, and they have different authors/editors). One of the author is Alex Fornito OK-this is it-http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1757717 But note that it is one user at a time, and someone is currently using it.  When available, one should be able to click on the URL (click on the words single user) and be taken to the text of the book.  oh alright thanks  I will check back later then  There's no way of telling when this book will be free, so yeah, you'll just have to check back later. Thank you and good day . You're very welcome, and you have a good day as well! :-)

Hi, I'm trying to get an e-book (http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1389846) but when I click on the button it says "Access denied." Hi Let me check into this okay thanks! maybe i need to be connected to a vpn?..  No, I can't get in either and I'm on the CMU IP range.  I'm trying to see if I can get in another way I tested other books and they come up.  then I went through the list of books, and this title doesn't appear there. http://cognet.mit.edu/books?page=13 Hmm maybe it's no longer available Here's the T part of the books under Neuroscience.  http://cognet.mit.edu/books/299?page=8  It's possible that they have removed the list from the database.  In order to verify that, we'd need to contact the vendor.  We often aren't told when e-books are removed from collections (or even when they are added!) Okay, I see. I'll see if I can get a physical copy. Thanks anyway!

Hi, if a book's call number is PR5774 .T5 2009, which library is it located at?  Or how can I learn about the location of a book? hi if you look it up in our catalog - you'll see the location at the bottom of the page.   however I see for that book that it's at our Qatar library. I'm sure we have other editions here, though - the Time Machine is a classic.  I'll get some for you if you can wait a minute http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/206820 - this edition has one copy in offsite storage - if you "place a hold" on it, it can be here in 24 hours it's also available free online since it's out of copyright - would you like a link to that?  (Are you still there?) Oh, thank you. I actually need the extra articles in that edition. So I will just look for other sources. Thank you though. There could be other ways of getting those articles - would you like help with that? Oh I will try it out myself first. I salute you! We're here if you need us. Thanks : ) you're welcome :-)

Hi! Last year we used a microfiche archive for the Base Structure Report FY 1988. Is that archive still available? Could I take a look at it again? Hi! Last year we used a microfiche archive for the Base Structure Report FY 1988. Is that archive still available? Could I take a look at it again? hi let me check thanks! is this the report you mean?  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/284318  It appears to be in our storage.  Do you remember if this was something you looked at in the engineering library or at hunt library it is called manpower requirements report - base structure report as annex I looked at hunt It is in microfiche format ah .. let me check again .. I want to say yes since we still have all of our microfiche, but let me check it appears to be still available, but please call Gloria Henning or email her to double check .. henning@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 2450 okay! thanks sure .. anything else? I will call her, thanks!

Thx We don't subscribe electronically - now I'll check the print We apparently only have up to vol. 62 - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/437792 but you can request any article you want from interlibrary loan -http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Alright, thank you!

Hi there, hoping you can help me get a pdf of this article. The links are not generating a file for me -- maybe too old (the file, not me)? http://search.proquest.com.proxy.library.cmu.edu/docview/196653232?accountid=9902 Let me try.  I was not able to retrieve the article either. You can get access by registering for Research gate at https://www.researchgate.net/publication/264785536_Harry_Potter_and_the_health_of_the_environment great, thanks very much!

Hi, how do I access an ebook? hi it depends on the ebook .. where did you find it? on the library website, by searching it is called "The Cambridge Handbook of Multimedia Learning" Ok, when you clicked on the link for the title/book ..  you should see a full record ..  There's a link called "Online Access" you click on that link were you able to find/get to that book? I can find the book I don't see "online access" I see add to bookbag I was able to "export record" but not sure how to read what I downloaded no .. click on the book link .. do you see where the author, title, info is?  Online Access is in bold at the end oh yes :) got it is it best to view each chapter as a PDF? Once you are in the website of the book, you can view and download chapters (some times the entire book, depending on publisher) cool that is very helpful, thank you! it depends on your preference .. but yes, that's what I do .. anything else? no, thanks again have a great day. you too!

Hello hello how may i help? I am looking for a book called - Data Warehouse Toolkit by Ralph Kimball and Margy Ross Can you please tell me if that is available  The Data Warehouse Toolkit: The Definitive Guide to Dimensional Modeling, 3rd EditionBy: Ralph Kimball; Margy Ross http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1261750 This? No .. found it It's online here's the link - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1492462 Ohhk can i get a physical copy too ? i don't know .. did you look at the library catalog? there are many editions and copies  but I can't tell .. if they are the same .. they seem to be try searching our catalog for Books and more by title Where else to search apart form this website ? Any other URL ? Well .. are you trying to see if we have it at Carnegie Mellon University?  If so, then the library website If you want to see where else it is available, there are many ways to do that you can look at Pitt's catalog (library.pitt.edu) you can try to look through EZborrow - here - http://library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request you can search WorldCat (a database containing libraries all over the world) and is listed under research databases on our website so it depends on what you ultimately want to do Ok Sure . Thanks a lot for this information, I will search for it you're welcome have a great evening Same to you

is there a way for me to view my check out history? Ok did you look at your accout yes but i can't see my past check out history :( Past history is removed when checked back in  are you looking for pRticular title sorry about. Y spelling are you trying to locate certain title? Maybe I can help you figure it out oh the title of the book is "Chemistry in Context" so what do you want to know about it? all of the check out dates! i need something like an official record of the checkout history Well you can try to contact Hunt Library front checkout desk but they will probably tell you the same.  Once checked back in, the history is removed--privacy reasons. oh :( okay  thanks so much though! :) 412-268-2444 Hunt

hello! could you please help me find hi Article:Young guns.Journal:Wallpaper (London)ISSN:1364-4475Date:11/01/2012Issue:164Page:64 Ok, did you check e-journals? I think so I checked articles and more and it came up, but when I clicked on "GET IT AT CMU" it seemed like it wasn't available ok, we only have it from 90 days ago online, so let me see if we have it in print okay, thank you! we have it in print http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/561659 on the third floor shelved alphabetically great! find 2012, then the pages you need, then copy anything else I can help with? would you be able to help me find another item? yes! Article:Rubchinskiy: hip priest!Author:Thawley, DanJournal:Arena Homme PlusISSN:1353-1972Date:12/01/2014Issue:42Page:150 Ok, let's try to find it together  on the library page, can you see where it says books and more? yes select that, then advanced search, then type the ISSN number and pull down the menu to ISBN/ISSN Did you find it? hm, I got "no results" ok, then we must not have it .. I am guessing you checked e-journals, right? I also checked pitt, they don't have it .. so you'll have to use interlibrary loan's ILLiad  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request it just says no electronic holdings available it usually takes 2-3 days to get it .. they'll send a pdf copy oh okay thank you sure .. anything else? no, I think that's it just a quick tip: if you are searching a database or the library, look for a way to focus results by "full-text" may save you from having to figure out if we have a copy, but ONLY use if you need an article urgently .. sometimes articles not in full-text can be a better source, right? yeah thank you!

Hello! Good Morning! I'm a student from CMU-SV I would like to access ACM DL papers from home. I looked for this paper : http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2796542 I couldn't find it in CMU Library one moment Sure The ACM Digital Library is in the Research Databases list on the homepage under  "Serch & Find" Are you using the vpn access? Let me try once again I am connected to vpn.cmu.edu And I looked for the above article in research databases Not getting any link to the article pdf Got it! Thanks a lot! you are welcome I didn't look for ACM DL in Research database last time I directly searched for the paper You have been very helpful Thanks! Have a great day :) You have a great day too glad I could help

Hello, I am looking for these two publications:  http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-eric_primary_ED4311782 and http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-eric_primary_ED4311792  They don't seem to be available here, would it be possible to borrow them from another library? let me check thank you what are the titles .. these links are broken for some reason i'm sorry 1 sec Neale Analysis of Reading Ability: Manual. Third Edition  Neale Analysis of Reading Ability: Reader. Third Edition  Ok Did you search EZ borrow for this title? http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request i did not, thanks for mentioning it use your Andrew ID to log in and find the item, then request to send to Hunt or another library what was the other title? i pasted them both above  they're exactly the same? :) no, one is the manual and the other is the reader :) yes, sorry ..  hold please neither are in our library that's what i thought, thanks for checking  i will place a request then, thank you np .. if EZ borrow doesn't have them you can request them from ILLiad .. which will get them from libraries outside of PA yes, I saw that on the link you sent me.  very helpful, thank you. good .. anything else I can assist you with? that's all, thank you for your help have a great day

Hello. Hello Would you please help find an journal article (ISSN:	0022-1481)? I cannot find the file through the library website. I woul dbe happy to help. Can you provide more information about the article? Sure. Would you please use the link (http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-c563-7ccab90060b5ae5a28c5b5f36d290dbda471c260f63919b5a8d03329746b1d322)? The link does not work for me. Do you have the citation? Yes. Here you are. Kuehn, T. H., and R. J. Goldstein. "An Experimental Study of Natural Convection Heat Transfer in Concentric and Eccentric Horizontal Cylindrical Annuli." Journal of Heat Transfer 100, no. 4 (1978): 635-40. Let me look into this for you Thank you. It does not look like we have Journal of Heat Transfer available electronically until 2000-present. I see. Can I find paper-based journal in the library? Yes. It should be in the bound journals at Sorrells Library. It's actually bound with American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Transactions. -- volume 100, part C.  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/335964 If you have trouble finding it at the library, ask a librarian or staff for assistance. Sure. Thanks for your assistance. You are welcome. Have a good evening. Same to you.

I am an computer science and engineering student. I'm looking for some good books on Computer Organization and Architecture  Hi There are a few databases that we have that would be a great starting place for books related to computer science/architecture. Ok They are:  Safari Books Online, SpringerLink, and Wiley Books Online (in that order).  I would be happy to send you the links.  You can also find these databases by going to the main library page, selecting "research databases", and then navigating to each of these databases. These are my "go to" places for good sci/tech books.  You can also search directly from our main catalog - here is the link:  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced You might also find some books here that are not in one of these three databases. I've gone through the book Computer System Architecture by David Patterson. But I'm facing some problems in the digital part of that book. Can I directly contact to the subject librarian? Yes, there are several of us who are liaisons to SCS, but we do not have one specific person (we are currently looking for one).  If you send an email to sciref@andrew.cmu.edu one of us will answer your question.  Regarding the problems you mentioned, please provide as much specfics as possible so that we can be of most assistance.   OK. Thanks a lot for helping  my pleasure

Hello, I need an article for my research. I was wondering whether you can help me access the article or not?  hi what is the article? also what is the journal title? Article name is: A review of fault detection and diagnostics methods for building systems Journal title is: science and technology for the built environment  I searched for it but could not find it online through cmu library website yes, we don't have a subscription to it .. have you tried ILLiad? i haven't. i actually don't know how that works. sorry for my ignorance  no worries .. I'll take you through the process thanks! from the library website http://library.cmu.edu click on Using the Library (top) you'll find "borrowing and renewing" as an option .. click on that select requesting materials then "request using ILLIad" since you haven't used it before, you'll be asked to register with your Andrew ID (this is a one time process).  Once you do, you can fill out a form for the article (link on left) the request takes a few days and they'll send an email with a link to the article.  Be sure to download asap (you have 3 days to recover before the link disappears - copyright regulation) That's really helpful! Thank you very much.  you're welcome .. anything else? That's all, thank you Have a nice day! :)  you too

I just got the following on trying to access "Accounts of Chemical Research":  USER ALERT: No Access to ACS Publications Hello Let me look into this for you. Before I begin -- are you working on of off campus? yes Sorry on or off? way off OK. Did you go to ACS through the library website or are you using the Library Resources VPN? Library website.  I had just finished looking at the American Journal of Physics and switched to my next journal choice Are you looking for a specific article? Nope.  Just my routine brousing. OK. If you search for Accounts of Chemical Research in Cameo, you should be able to click on the link and access the title. From Cameo, you should be asked for your Andrew ID and Password before entering the ACS site. I am on campus and had no problems accessing the journal. You can also use the Library Resources VPN. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus Okay.  It's just that the response was strange, suggesting that excessive downloading was the culprit. Let me know if you get it again. Were you excessively downloading? ;) Nope.  Never. I'll try the VPN access.  Thanks.  Bye. Let me know if it doesn't work. We can investigate further.

To whom this may concern: oops hi hello! I'm am trying to use the search bar on the landing page of http://www.library.cmu.edu/ I'm getting an error "php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Temporary failure in name resolution" I just wanted to check if you guys were aware of this problem or if it's just on my end Let me check. thanks! Wierd! I get some results on the left and then what you mentioned on the right-thanks for bringing this to our attention-will report it ASAP! okay, thanks! I only get the error if I search under the "Articles &amp; More" tab Were you looking for a particular book? I was looking for journal articles, actually it looks the following link lets me search just fine: http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/articles on what subject?  going directly to a good database would be a workaround I'm currently researching marine biofouling or if that other link works for you and you're fine with it.... I think I can go forward with the alternate search link We have a couple of good databases that would help oh, okay how do I get to them? Research databases-many of them are in Proquest, and you can search many all at once.  go to Research Databases-it's on the front page under the Search bar. I see Then go to P for proquest.   Once in proquest, a mega db of 28 other dbs, you can go to the top where it says Database oh, awesome thanks again! I've used proquest before Then you can deselect all, the re-select the ones you want, like Pollution Abstracts, Environmental Sciences and Pollution ManagementŠ—_  I didn't know CMU had access You're welcome, and thanks again for reporting the error message, CMU has over 500 dbs-this is what you're searching in Articles.  That's alot of databases!! this is extremely helpful This way you can get more relevant hits Always happy to help! :-)

Hi Hello I am trying to get the book "Experimental and quasi-experimental designs for generalized causal inference" The system says that there is a copy available at Software Engineering Institute - STACKS How do I go about obtaining the book? Call Number:	BD591 .S48 2002	 You have a couple choices. 1) Go to the SEI library and check it out. 2) Recall the Hunt Library copy. 3) Place an interlibrary loan request. Where is the SEI library? The SEI Library is located at 4500 Fifth Avenue. You must take your CMU ID and sign in with the security guard. And, how can I recall the hunt library copy? option 3 sounds complicated..  When you are viewing the CAMEO catalog record for that book, there will be a PLACE HOLD link next to the due date. Click on that link and sign in to your account. Ok I'll go for option 1. What are the hours of the SEI library? Let me try to find that out. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/otherlib/sei Ok, great! Thanks for your help You are welcome.

Hi, I have a question about the Hunt library. Is there anyone who might be able to help? Hello How can I help you? i'm an RA and i work with a professor at the Heinz college. recently, we've been running a research project in the UC. but participation is slow and i'm looking for other places around campus that might work. basically, we've had a table and two computers, having people take surveys i was wondering if anyone ever does anything like that at Hunt. i see in the 25Live system that there is space that can be reserved, but it looked like computer lab space I don I don't quite understand what you want to do? Gather people for a study? There is a computer lab in the basement that is also a classroom. So maybe that is what is in 25Live. The library doesn't "own" that space. no, what i'm wondering is if i would be allowed to set up a study in some space to run a study Unfortunately, I am probably not the right person to ask. You probably should talk with our business manager, Ignatios Alexander. http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/ignatios-alexander okay, thanks. i'll contact them. Good luck.

Hey. I was searching for " Probability, random variables, and stochastic processes /by Papoulis, Athanasios, "  Hello It says that it has been checked out. However, there is one available in QAXXX  Can you check if it's available at the sorrells library The link:  http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1041899 It looks like all copies at Sorrells are checked out. You can place a hold on the title which will recall the item after it's been checked out for seven days. However, it can be recalled from you seven days after you check it out. You can also try interlibrary loan. However, it could be a difficult book to get due to popularity. Hmm. OK. Will place a hold instead. It says Nov, 27 2016 that the book be returned by the current owner. However, placing a hold on the book cannot change this right?  If you place a hold on a title, the person who has that title currently checked out will receive a notice that they must return it.  All books can be recalled after 7 days of check out. So placing a hold on the book means I have a slim chance of getting the book i suppose? In a few weeks.. Yes. But it could be recalled from you after one week. So what if I want it till the end of the fall semester?  In my experience, that probably won't happen as it is a very popular book and most likely to be recalled.  Alrighty. Thanks for the info. Have a nice day! Have a nice day.

I teach at New York University. I am currently in Pittsburgh and would like to use your library facilities for my research. What arrangements do I need to make? Thank you!  Albert Juszczak, Ph.D. Hi Anyone may come into our library between the hours of 8am and midnight to use the facilities.  In order to use the public PCs, you must obtain a guest user ID at the Circulation desk.  Photo ID with expiration date is needed, and the guest user ID is good for 2 hours.  If you want to be able to check books out, you need to complete a form and pay a fee.   Here's the form for  to get a special patron ID for borrowing books: https://libwebspace.library.cmu.edu/libraries-and-collections/Forms/Special%20Patron%20Application.pdf Thank you so much. You're welcome. Additonal info: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/start

Hello Hi Can you let me know which library the following book would be in? Sure What's the title? HF5718.22 .M86 2002 guide to presentation  It isn't showing on map  however it is said it is available  But even if it doesn't show on the map, it should say the library, and if in Hunt, the floor. thank you  will visit hunt That book with that particular call number is in our library in Qatar, but there will be one in Hunt on the 2nd floor that has the same title, more recent year. Oh-sorry-it's checked out. But there may be other books on presentations nearby. We have an e-book that might help: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1474526 sorry-wrong record.  This is for the e-book: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1713280 Here's another e-book that might help: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1711906

im not really sure where to start honestly Hi What can I help you with? I just know that cmu has good research esp. in accessibility and legibility and online learning, so I was wondering if you could point me in the right direction Is this for a class?  no, just trying to make a good e-learning platform To get started, you can just type in accessibility "online learning" in the articles and more search box on the homepage ok, could you link me there? www.library.cmu.edu  I'll also see if I can find a better database-so you want the technical side of e-learning? yes, like research that supports chunking, or ideal paragraph lengths, ratios page to text, etc If you want very technical articles, perhaps the ACM digital Library would help.  It's in our list of Research Databases, (link under search box on front page, also under Search and Find).  Under letter "A" and just type in e-learning. awesome, thank you! oh shoot. Is there a guest log-in option? You're welcome.  No, no remote guest login. For access if you are not CMU, you need to come into the library You can get a guest ID good for 2 hours - fill out form, need current ID with expiration date That is good to know, thank you so much for your help! You're welcome. Have a good day! you too :-)

Hi hi I am trying to search for the book "The passions of the mind; a novel of Sigmund Freud" as per records it is supposed to be in PZ3 .S87872 PAV STACKS second floor but I didn't find it there also other books by the same author "Irving Stone" are missing Could you direct me to the location of the book? Or maybe could the book be kept on-hold at the front desk? If you are not finding books where they are supposed to be and they are marked as available in the catalog, you can go to the Circulation Desk and ask that a tracer be put on the book.  Library staff will look for them for a number of weeks, notify you if we have it or mark it missing if it can not be found.  If you are uncertain that you were looking in the correct area, Circulation Staff may also be able to go to the stacks (this may depend on staffing) and make sure that you were looking in the right area.   Sure, thank you As for passions of the mind, we have 2 copies, on that is supposed to be on the second floor and the other is offsite.  You can request that the offsite one be brought to campus.  This usually takes a day or two. Oh okay, will do that Thank you You are welcome.   For other books that are not available you can use the E-Z Borrow system. Let me know if you'd like more info on that Sure, will contact if required. Thank you! You're welcome!

I'm trying to access ebook http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1051119 HI Clicking on the like just brings me to a Kovel website Yeah, let me check into this.  sometimes e-book vendors drop books from their database and/or change urls  without telling us.  Let me take a closer look. There is another edition that is shown checked out Yes, but that later edition is an e-book, and I was able to bring up text from it.  Try the link in this record.  Sometimes our e-books are for more than one user at a time. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1748042 OK thanks

Hi, I'm a Pitt Graduate Student working at Pitt's Hillman Library's Special Collections. I wanted to read this resource I've only been able to find at Hunt Library: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/372071 Hello It looks like this is something at our off-site storage facility. Let me look into how we can request it for you. Thank you so much! I spoke to our circulation dept. head. You should be able to request the book through E-ZBorrow. E-ZBorrow says that it's not requestable Yes. Let me make one change and then you should be able to request it. Though my change may not take effect until tomorrow. Ah, I see. I made a change to the record on the back end of our catalog. You can check again now -- but I am going to guess that it won't show as available to request until tomorrow. If you have any problems, feel free to contact me directly. Jill Chisnell, jillianc@andrew.cmu.edu or 412-268-6330. Thank you so much, Jill. So you'll recognize me if I write, my name is Staci Ross (str51@pitt.edu). Have a great day! Same to you! And it works! Oh great! Thank you, take care.  You are welcome.

Hi - Was wondering about the catalog information for the video "The Building of Mellon Institute" narrated by Paul Long which is a video in the CMU collection - wondering when it was recorded Hello. The video was "published" in 1982 per the catalog record.  You may be able to confirm that with the University Archives. Oh it was originally recorded long before that. I think.  I saw it back in the late 80's being shown on 16 mm film in the Mellon Institute auditorium when I was a student...1982 was probably when it was transferred to tape. You should contact the University Archives. They probably can provide more information. http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/julia-corrin Thanks very much - I may try to contact the archivist....if I recall correctly, I remember hearing that it was one of Paul Long's first voice projects when he was a young man in his 20s which would have been sometime around late 1930s or early 1940s You are welcome. Thanks again and have a nice evening!

How do I get access to wall street journal as an undergrad ? Hi You can just go to our homepage, Under search and find, select Research Databases, then "W" for Wall Street Journal.  homepage= www.library.cmu.edu do I have to be on campus for it to work? No! If you're off campus, you'll be prompted for your andrew user ID and psswd How do I access proquest? it asks me for a login or institution and you're accessing via our homepage? (procedure above-search and find, research databases, p for proquest)? yes no I selected W --&gt; wall street journal you know what -- nevermind i got it working Let me check-sounds like one of our links went south...OK! i had just clicked the wrong link no prob- we all mis click at one time or another ;-) Also--are you a student ? no, I'm a librarian-a faculty member here at CMU.  Why do you ask? Sorry I was just wondering who I was chatting with. Thank you for your time no problem.  There are several librarians who work chat. You're very welcome! Have a great day and don't hesitate to contact us again if you have a question. Of course, you too as well! :-) Thanks!

Hi. I am wondering if CMU has access to the 2015 issues of the International Journal of Production Research. hi did you check eJournals - link available at library.cmu.edu here's what we have:  International journal of production research  (0020-7543)      from 01/01/1961 to 12/31/1996 in Taylor & Francis Engineering, Computing & Technology Archive 2012from 11/01/1961 to 18 months ago in Business Source Premierfrom 2005 to 2010 in Taylor & Francis Online Yes, it lists up to 2010 but not 2015 I'm trying to get access to this article and am having trouble: EmployeesŠ—È skills, manufacturing flexibility and performance: a structural equation modelling applied to the automotive industryAuthor:Mendes, LuisJournal:International journal of production researchISSN:0020-7543Date:07/2015Volume:53Issue:13Page: 4087 - 4101DOI: 10.1080/00207543.2014.993772 Anything from 18 months ago to present must be interlibrary loaned .. we don't have the print after 2011 you can request the article at library.cmu.edu/using/request http://ibrary.cmu.edu/using/request sorry .. missing "ing" - here it is http://http://library.cmu.edu/using/requesting thanks let me also check pitt if they have it .. you can go there and download it you're in luck  Pitt has it - from 01/01/1997 to present in Taylor & Francis Current Content Access  Go to Hillman; you'll need to ask for a day pass, then you can download it or email it to yourself

Hello- I had a question about checking out an etext. I found a book I need for class called "Thinking Things through" in CAMEO as an etext, but i am not sure how exactly to check it out Hi You shouldn't have to check it out. Are you not able to access the ebook online? Let me see if I can get the book up on screen Okay is this the book you are looking at: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1750396 yes this is the book Okay, do you see where it says "Online Access: Multiple User"? click on Multiple User Oh I see- thank you! No problem! Were you abel to gain access? yes

Report from BCC Research hi .. what would you like to know? Hi I am faculty in Robotics and would like to order a soft copy of "3-D Scanning: Technologies and Global Markets" report by BCC Research. The people at BCC tell me we have a subscription with them. What is the process to get the report? Please let me know. Thank you. Dimi Apostolopoulos (da1v@cs.cmu.edu) They also said that Denise Novak is their main contact at the CMU Library. I emailed her a few days ago, but did not hear back. Hi Dimi .. actually your library liaison for Robotics is Jillian Miller Ok should I email her about this? Thank you. here's here contact information ... Jill Chisnell Miller	Librarian	jillianc@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 6330Hunt 413	Research & Academic Services		Computer ScienceDesignIDeATeRobotics She's in Qatar at the moment, so email would be best .. or you can contact matthewm@andrew.cmu.edu (Matthew Marsteller). I'd copy both Excellent, thank you, will do. have a great day

Hi Do you have this book at CMu http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-a12104-8b0b48c949ad26db08df96e123e306d0a43e5ea7e93e90445b5fe7d3a8efef432 hi The link you pasted does not work-can you give me the title of the item you want? This is the ISBN 07506479069780750647908 I got this from CMU site Can you please give me the title? sure the new metallurgy of cast metals castings second edition Thank you-just a minute No, we don't have that book in the library.  If you did a "search everything" search, then you may have found an article/book review of it.  "Search everything" searches more than our catalog-it searches databases where we may or may not have the item. is there a way I can get this item? Sure-for books you can use either EZ borrow (you search catalogs, you place request, comes in in 3-5 days) or Interlibrary Loan (we search catalogs, place request, come in in 5-7 days).  I'll send you the link in my next. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Thanks! You're welcome! \

Hello There,  I am Diana Cugliari I will be a TA in Heinz College Public Policy and Management.  I have been provided a CMU email, and I have been asked to do some research for the Prof. Jordan.  How do I login into the library system, specifically to access the Hoovers database? hi if you are on campus, all you have to do is go to the library homepage and click on Research Databases, then H, then find Hoovers you should be automatically logged in I am offsite. If you are off campus, however, you will be asked to use your Andrew ID and password to log in (this is also the case if you are using a laptop) So I need to my CMU ID to login? not your CMU ID .. your Andrew ID the user id part of your email ..  for example: jsmith from jsmith@andrew.cmu.edu then you enter your password yes, yes... that is dcugliar got that. But it is asking for a PIN.   Does that come from an ID? oh, that's the last 4 digits of the SECOND set of numbers on your ID but weird that it's asking that.  Are you sure you're not trying to access your library account? Maybe... Would you send me the link on where I should be? ok, hold on you should be here http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=h Ok. Do we have access to iBiz World? let me check yes I am trying to learn what resources we have able and can access.

Dear librarian at Carnegie Mellon! I have a question regarding a technical report that dates back to 1995. hi what is the title of the report? "Network interconnection architectures and translational tilings" by Fiduccia, Zito, Mann Ok, and did you look anywhere for it? i found it in your catalog i am writing from germany, somewhat desparately trying to find a copy of that report i was hoping that you might be able to help me with it ok .. it's in our off-site storage .. are you a CMU faculty, staff, or alum? i am neither of those i am a postdoctoral researcher at a university in Berlin and not affiliated with CMU in any way is there any possibility for me to obtain a digital copy of the report? I am not sure .. we may have digital copies of it.  I'll forward your request to our science reference librarians.  One question: Does your university in Berlin offer a borrowing service? you could ask a librarian at your library to request it .. but it would have to be sent digitally, I think. Would you please provide your name and email so we can follow up? there is a borrowing service for sure, but i am not aware of a cooperation with CMU. I'll ask them about it. a digital copy is all i need sure Matthias Henze, matthias.henze@fu-berlin.de Ok Matthias .. I'll forward your email to them and you should hear from them  thanks you so much! if that's all, have a great day. yep that's all. same for you! bye

Hey! I am trying to find a book to borrow but there are no results hi Where are you looking and what are you looking for? Principles of Microeconomics 6th Edition by Robert Frank (Author), Ben Bernanke (Author), Kate Antonovics (Author), Ori Heffetz (Author) ISBN-13: 978-0073517858 ok-let me check for you. thank you1 ! I see we have the 5th ed, we don't have the 6th and the 5th ed. is checked out.http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1480261 You can put a hold on it,but it looks like someone has a hold on it already, so you'll be 2nd in line. This is really not going to work if the book is one that' that's required for the entire semester. Hmm thank you...Is there anyway to possibly get it through interlibrary loan system You could try interlibrary loan or EZ Borrow.  I'll send you the link that covers both. Again, having these for the whole semester via ILL/EZ Borrow...that will be tough.  Maybe this will help, too: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/textbooks Here's the link for ILL and EZ Borrow: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Okay thank you! Do you possibly have the books on reserve in the meantime while I get them Here's the link for reserve material-you need to search by prof's name or course # http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/reserves And then there's always buying the book ;-) Haha I guess its not that expensive when you compare it to the tuition cost Thanks again Just joshing-have no idea how much it costs!  glad to help out-good luck! :-)

Hello. I am not able to get a paper from library. Can you help me? Hi! Can you provide me some citation infromation information* Hohmann M. A cognitive brain-computer interface for patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Progress in brain research. 2016-01-01;228:221-239. Okay, let's see if we have access to this journal Okay, it looks like we do not have access to this journal Your best bet would be to request this article through our Interlibrary loan services (ILLiad) Have you done this before? No I didn't Okay, let me get you information on this service Thanks. Here is the link to information on interlibrary loan (ILLiad) http://library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You will want to use ILLiad on the left-hand side If you haven't used the service before, you will need to create an account with some of your contact information so that we can get the article to you Okay Once that is done, simply fill out a request form for "Article" and provide all of the citation info. Our team will then find a library that access to this article and will get it to you One question, it asks me to provide address but it wants it to be non-Pittsburgh only You mean when filling out your personal information? Yes it requires a campus mailing address This could be a department address I suppose ah okay great Most of the items will be picked up at a library location or in the case of an article, it will be emailed to you when ready Thank you very much for your help You are very welcome! Is ther enything else that I can help you with today?

hello dear librarian. I am searching, so far in vain, for an article in a book. The book is Interdisciplinary Research Management, ISBN-13: 9780195062526 Hello. I can take a look. thank you.  Here is all the information that Oxford Scholarship Online provides for the article:   International Research ManagementPhilip H. Birnbaum, Frederick A. Rossini, and Donald R. Baldwin Yes. We have it at Hunt Library.  http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/461073 I am stymied.  I don't know why my search didn't pull it up.  Is it possible to get the fulltext of the article itself?  Did you search the title International Research Management? (Not Interdisciplinary Research Management_ OH.  What article do you need? <imaginary gun to head> Preconditions for Interdisciplinary ResearchJulie Thompson KleinAlan L. PorterDOI:10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195062526.003.0002 Doesn't look like we have this in an electronic format. So when the info for the book says this:  Published to Oxford Scholarship Online: October 2011 Does that just mean it's the abstract?  Or can I get it through Illiad?  It's possible that it is available through Oxford Scholarship Online. But we do not subscribe to that resource. You can try Illiad. However, it's possible they will not fulfill the request because we own a copy of the book.  got it. OK! thank you so much.  You are welcome. Can I help with anything else?

HiŠ—” I'm a graduate student at Pitt, looking for a book that is available online at CMU libraries. Do I have to physically be on the CMU campus to access it, or is there a way for me to view it using my Pitt ID? Hi! Good to here from you. Can you give me the book title please? Sexing la mode : gender, fashion and commercial culture in old regime France Thanks! One moment please :) Okay, I did find the book and am checking on the policy now with our circulation supervisor All right, thank you! No problem! Okay, it looks like we have a little digging to do on our end about this. Our circulation supervisor, Ona Taylor, said to try and access the book with your Pitt credentials. If that fails, you can contact her because she is looking into it further. Her contact information can be found here: http://library.cmu.edu/about/people/ona-taylor I also took a quick look to see if the Carnegie Public Library has this book, and they do! Here is there catalog record: https://librarycatalog.einetwork.net/Record/.b26610322/Home?searchId=42692557&recordIndex=1&page=1 The Carnegie Public Library is right across Schenley Plaza from Hillman Library (main library at Pitt). If your access to CMU fails and Ona can't find another solution. This could be an extra back up option Perfect, thank you so much! You are welcome! Can I help you with anything else today?

Ok thank you! Where is it available in print? hold on .. will get this for you http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/530823 Ok thanks. I think that is the first edition but I can probably also use it.  I cannot find it in JSTOR .. odd .. are you sure it wasn't EBSCO what department are you in?  You can request the ecopy to be purchased from your subject library any chance you are in the philosophy department? Yes, I'm sure it was on JSTOR. http://xx4ay4fv5x.search.serialssolutions.com/?sid=jstor%3Ajstor&genre=book&eisbn=9780262329378&title=Thinking+Things+Through&isbn=9780262527200 No I'm not in the philosophy department ah .. it was part of a DDA (demand driven acquisition) .. a trial ..  hmmm ok thank you for your help. Is there anyway to get access to it again? ok .. do you know who the librarian for your department is?  I can get you in touch with them .. they can purchase it and let you know when it is available online. I do not know my librarian. It is the textbook used for Nature of Reason. I am currently enrolled in the course but am in the Material Science department.  I will just use the copy available in Hunt.  ah Lynn Berard is your subject librarian, but I'll go ahead and order an e-copy, since it is interdisciplinary with philosophy .. do you have an email I can reach you? I can let you know when it is available .. thanks nbudwal@andrew.cmu.edu great .. I'll let you know as soon as it is available .. thanks Thank you! You have been very helpful.  glad to help .. will that be it? Yep! great .. have a great day and will let you know the status soon Goodbye!

hi hi i was looking at this book: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1728418 i find it hard to practice the code from ebook format.. is there any chance I can take a print of this book ? Let me see if we have a print copy and check into other options. sure.. thank you I checked a database that covers world wide library holdings (Worldcat) and most libraries have the ebook vrsion.  And sadly, we only have that version as well.  One option, perhaps print out the pages you need - You'll probably have to do it one page at a time. Other option-put in an Interlibrary loan request asking for the print edition only. You may want to include in the notes that you know we have the e-book version, but that you need the print.  What department are you in? CEE it is not a traditional civil engineering book You could ask your librarian, lberard@andrew.cmu.edu, if she'd consider buying the paper copy. to justify asking the dept to buy this one hmm.. alright.. thank you so much for your time... Ironically, the E&S library is buying more and more ebooks and I don't know how willing she'd be to buy paper-but you could always ask. i guess ebooks are the way forward.... and everyone will be forced to adapt and get comfortable with that format in the future.. have a great day! thanks again! You too- you are very welcome!

Hi Hi I am doing market research on Water for Onshore Oil &amp; Gas Report 2014-2019: Opportunities in Produced Water Management, Hydraulic Fracturing and Enhanced Oil Recovery I am not able to find this specific report. I'd appreciate help locating it or just searching our available resources in general Let me check into this-just a moment please thanks Usually these market research reports are not cheaply available .  This report is almost $3,000, so it's unlikely that interlibrary loan (where we borrow stuff from other libraries) would work, either.  Give me another minute and I'll refer you to some market research reports we have.  Just curious-what dept. are you with? I'm doing a dual CEE (Engineering) and ETIM (EPP) Ok-thx!  Here's a guide to resources the business librarian prepared for market research http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch  Also, it's possible that some of the research from that market research report would be reported in trade magazines-for that, in our A-Z list of databases, Business Source premier would be good. http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php I'll check out both links thanks! Great-if you find you need additional help, you can contact the librarians for EPP (Lynn Berard and Sue Collins) or CEE (Lynn Berard).  Contact info: lberard@andrew.cmu.edu or sc24@andrew.cmu.edu Lynn is in the Engineering and Science Libraries (engineering questions), Sue in Hunt (business and/or policy). that's very helpful Great!  have a great day You as well!

Hi. I'm looking for a digital copy of this book: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1044842, but the link seems broken. Is there any possibility that you can help me with this? hi Can you give me the title of the book? Art as experience by John Dewey Thx-let me look into this. sure  At one time some of this book must have been put on reserve, and the link would take you to that portion of the scanned book (it wouldn't have been the whole book).  It's since been removed, but for some reason the link is still in the record.  So we have several copies of the print book, but we do not have this electronically. I see. I guess I would get a print copy then. Thanks for looking it up for me:) You're welcome.  I can look for a digital copy if you want, but doubt it would be available for the entire book. How much of a book would it usually be? http://thenewschoolhistory.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Dewey-ArtasExperience.pdf oh. kk. thanks! http://isites.harvard.edu/fs/docs/icb.topic532256.files/Dewey_ArtAsExperience.pdf Sees like there are lots of "parts" out there.  Search "art as experience" dewey pdf gotcha thanks! You're welcome.   Again, probably won't find the whole book, but maybe enough for your needs? Glad to help-have a good day! You too :) :-)

Hi, is there a specific link to access safari? Hi-let me check-just a minute! http://www.pittsburghpa.gov/police/crimestatistics.htm sorry-wrong link!! cut annd paste did not work!! gets me every time http://guides.library.cmu.edu/go.php?c=16654656 oh i see it now Finally (thanks for understanding).  It's in our list of Research Databases sorry about that.  should have looked closer.  thanks for the lp. have a good one! help* No problem!! Gald to help out-have a good day! :-) one more question Are CMU staff able to use the SEI library? both browsing and checking out resources? Yes, you can check out materials from the SEI Library.  Their books are, of course, listed in our catalog as well. k If you go to the advanced catalog search you can limit to sie library if you want. You'll need to show ID to get in great and their hours are more limited. M-F 8:30-4:30 oops-8:30-5pm: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/otherlib

Hello is there someone here to help? hi how may i help you Hi, can you help me, I'm trying to search ECCO- 18th Century online database  It asks me for me library barcode or ID and I'm trying both on my ID card but neither are working one moment let me check this out thank you very muc much are you searching it from the library homepage? which 18th century are you looking at. The fiction life, studies or just 18th century Yeas I went to "Research databases" and selected "Eighteenth Centuray Collections Online". It brought be to a Gale site asking for password. http://infotrac.galegroup.com/default/cmu_main wow I'm sorry for all my typos!  are you using the database from home if so you must use the vpn or  e-z proxy in order to use the service http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus Ah, okay. I didn't know that. I don't have the VPN on my computer and I am at home.  I was able to get to the database I will try it through the EZproxy thank you for your help! you are welcome

Where on this website can I find a form to rent an ipad the next time it becomes available? just a minute and i'll check -  if you search the catalog (CAMEO) for ipad in the title (best to use Advanced Search http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1481936 If you search the catalog (CAMEO) using Advanced Search -http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced - and search for ipad in the title - you'll see that entry in the list, which tells you if there are any of them available.  There's one for Sorrells library too - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced sorry - meant this one -http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1451192 Thank you! you're welcome!

How do I register for access to your research journal libraries? hi are you a cmu student, faculty, or staff? if not, just come to the lending desk and show an id .. for temporary access otherwise, use your CMU ID No, I'm a computer science masters student at Norfolk State University trying to conduct online research for my thesis paper. good :) and welcome anything else I can help with? Yes, can I get access to the library? I'm in Norfolk, Virginia in person use, yes .. so you can look at our books .. can't check out unless you buy a special member .. So, I can't use the online database......right? yes, that's what you'll show your ID for .. you get a temp pass  So, I need to enter my student ID number for NSU in order to register an account? no .. just a photo ID  a license will do Which tab do I select, exactly? you have to be at the library you can't do it online That's what I conveyed earlier when I stated that I'm physically in Virginia, not Pittsburgh. Hello?

How do I check out the ebook in my bookbag? hello! One moment please ok You will not be able to check the book out from the book bag, so you'll want to search for it's title through CMU's catalog search  ok, then what? You should be able to tell if the book is available online in ebook format from your search  yes, it is https://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1519384 how do i access the text? If you click the "Multiple user" link it will direct you to your text  oh! i just tried that. okay. thanks. Were you able to access the text? yes. now i am trying to figure out if there's a way to print out a chapter. It does seem like you can download the text and there is a print button at the top of the text ok, thanks. the download link gave me a ".acsm" rather than a pdf, so i can't open it unfortunately, but i'm trying the built-in print function now. The print option does look much more usable than the download option, so hopefully that will work for you. Let me know if you need any additional help! success! thanks for your help :) You're welcome!

Hello. Please, I am trying to access full text market research report (not PR newswire) "Nutritional Supplements in the U.S. 6th edition (it is dated - the 7th edition is out). Please can you assist?  hi hello let me check .. where did you look? CMU Libraries - I'm accessing offsite Ok .. is that the full title? 7th edition is published by Packaged Facts. I just need 6th edition. I assume it is more readily available. Proquest just has the same PR newswire article.  no .. these reports have to be purchased.  It doesn't look like we have it .. I am going to transfer this email to Ryan, our business librarian BUT you should also follow up with him via email (since he's not online now) .. his email is rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu .. let me first check WorldCat to see what libraries have it.  It might be available from Univ of Pittsburgh thank you much Ok, not in WorldCat (only 3rd edition is but only in one library).  Check with Ryan via email I'll forward this to him as well .. can you please provide a contact? rvbinder@sei.cmu.edu - thank you. great .. anything else for now?

Hi hello how may i help you? I am looking for health insurance laws and regulations in the United Kingdom.  HeinOnline has not yielded anything. are you looking for recent laws or historical? Recent Including EU That is probably why .. I believe HeinOnline covers early law .. Did you look in Lexis-Nexis Academic? Ah, I will check. It was my understanding LexisNexis has an academic product which we have, and a legal specific product we don't have access to Here's the link http://www.lexisnexis.com/hottopics/lnacademic/? you do have access to legal research .. it is complicated to search so you may want to think about coming in to see a librarian.  With what department are you affiliated? I am with the Tepper School, but out of town right now When do you get back? Our new business librarian Ryan starts Friday, July 1st :) Ah, how convenient! Roye Werner is still there? We don't have an email for him yet, but we will .. so you can just email me (Ethan) at ethanp@cmu.edu and I can work with Ryan on this .. Roye retired Also, I am on vacation but will be back Tuesday .. so hopefully I can meet with you and Ryan and help with your concquest :) Just a tip for now ... when you go to search Lexis-Nexis, use Browse to get to subject folders then click on law and narrow by "international" (for geography) and Health Care for subject  Ethan, thanks. I will be in touch with any further questions. great .. if you email me with more detail on the type of information you need, I can start looking too (and I will be able to share that with Ryan) Ok will do great .. have a safe trip back

Hello. I can't login to Gartner with my Andrew ID OK - I'll check on that I got this error message: "An error occured during Federation with Gartner. Please contact your administrator" let me first see if it's working from here - it's fine from here.  So - 2 questions:  are you on or off campus? And - on what page did you get the link to Gartner? off campus from library.cmu.edu -> Research Databases -> Gartner Core Research http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/https://ssofed.gartner.com/sp/startSSO.ping?PartnerIdpId=https://login.cmu.edu/idp/shibboleth that should do it - does it take you to the CMU Web Login page? Yes... it does. And I type my andrew id / password... but then I got this error. Are accounts deactivated from Gartner? They shouldn't be - there must be some problem with the EZProxy.  In the meantime, you can use the VPN as an alternative.  Have you used that before? Yes.. I have. mmm let me try it.. Thank you. you're welcome - let us know if you have any problems Thanks... have a nice day. you too!

Hello! hi how may i help you? I would like to hold a book called 'Mostly Harmless Econometrics' by Joshua Angrist Is it checked out? but I couldn't hold the book online yes. It's due on Oct 9 let me check to see what is going on .. hold please could you point me a way to hold the book? thanks a lot! Ok, are you on campus? If so, are you on a laptop/wireless yes! yes, using a laptop? I use a desktop ok .. when you go to the book record and click on hold, what happens? it says it cannot log me in wait .. back up .. so when you go to the book record and you click on Place a hold, do you get a log in option? yes If so, are you using your andrew ID and password? I entered my andrew id and password, but it then tells me couldn't log me in hmm...it may be that there's a hold on your account .. could you please call the lending desk at 412 268-2444  they'll be able to look into your account i see I will call at this num then so once it's clear I should be able to log in and place hold on the book? yes.  it also may be that it's being held for reserves .. in any case, they'll tell you exactly what the issue is ok thanks for your help! :) sorry I couldn't do more .. good luck :) nope... thanks for letting me know what could be wrong  have a great day ! you too

Why can't I open full articles. It just gives me this abstract and full text of that article's abstract. because there's no fulltext? how are you accessing it? through a database? through a website? I search the article through the search engine in the website. It gives me these links. I open one of them. And it gives me these links to open the article I open that article and it just gives me the abstract  Where is the link to the full article  can you give me the title? so I can check? Public Opinion on US Airlines on Social Media which link are you clicking .. the one that says Article?  Yea This is a short article 222 words did you click on the last one (from ProQuest?) Yea well it should lead you to the article  Full Text Yea so its like the abstract right? no .. that's the article .. a short article Its a short article about a bigger article   Find out in Amplicate's new report 'Public Opinion on US Airlines on Social Media' that tells you what consumers have been saying about airlines on social media in the last 12 months, when and where they're posting their opinions and why What does this mean? Where is this report? you have to buy those talk to the business librarian?  which department do you do? Information Systems Okay. Thanks. But I think I'll survive without the article.

Hello, I have a question regarding putting course materials on reserve Hi If a book is listed in "Arts Reference" up on the 4th Fl does that mean this is essentially already "on reserve" and cannot be checked out? http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1440374 Arts reference books are books that cannot be checked out without permission from a reference librarian.  so in some way they are on reserve, i.e. need special permission to be checked out.  Unfortunately no arts reference librarians are on chat, so if you want to pursue this further with them, you can send email to artsref@andrew.cmu.edu.  One thing different about books on reserve vs. reference is that reference books are on open shelves, and anyone can take them anywhere in the library. ok great, I will reach out to them thanks! When books are on reserve, they are  kept at the Circ desk and students have to sign them out with their CMU IDs, so there is more accountability. can reference books be placed on reserve? The arts librarian is Mo Dawley, md2Z@andrew.cmu.edu if you want to contact her directly. I believe so, but you may want to talk with Mo directly. You could also just fill out the form, and if there is a problem, the reserves associate will contact you. ok great, thanks You're welcome!

I have a question about business research. I'm trying to figure out about energy usage of water heaters in the retail industry. Do you have suggestions on finding this information? Hi Hello I just want to make sure I understand you-are you talking about retailing (selling) water heaters and their energy use? Not really. More about how retailers' energy usage. Eg. how much of Walmart's energy bill is used by water heaters Ok-that's actually what I thought you meant.  Sigh...that's even more difficult that then other! I doubt any of our databases will cover this, unless it's in an article.  While we have dbs on market share, annual reports, I don't know that anyone has to report water heater energy used, or even what type of water heater they have.  Is this for a paper you're doing?? And just curious-what dept? Yeah, that's kind of what I expected. This is for a research project in business communications. Thanks for your input! Wait...don't run off Yep, still here! I'm trying some things, but usually data comes from someone having to report to some organization, gov't agency, etc.  As I say...don't know who you'd have to report this to-no one!  Why don't you give me your email.  For reasons I stated, don't thing I'll find it, but in case I do, will want to share! Okay, thank you! I'm going to look at environmental and governmental agencies to see if I can find anything My email is mllin@andrew.cmu.edu Got it! Any particular type of retailers? Not really any in particular Good! LOL!!! and if I find just one-i.e. a case study-is that good enough? Absolutely! I'm about to head to my next class, so I have to go. Thank you so much for your help!  You're welcome! Will be in touch!

Hi, I want to schedule an appointment with a librarian, however I am not sure what subject area to select. The research is for my BXA Capstone project which is the use of Information Systems in HigherEd, specifically Residential/Student Life & Housing. Which subject area/librarian should I schedule time with? By the way, my name is Aamer. Hello. That's a good question! Let me see what I can find out. There is not an Information Systems librarian. However, depending on your focus in the area, maybe I can suggest someone. Can you tell me anything else about your project? So, I was wondering if there was anybody who would know more about the HigherEd side of the project, even if they didn't really know much about Information Systems The project has two parts, researching the industry and what is already available, and then developing a potential solution. OK. You may want to start with Roye Werner, the business librarian. http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/roye-werner Thank you! I will schedule time with her! Should I just use the appointment request form or email her? Either works. Ok, thank you for your help! You are welcome.

Hello,   one of the Heinz college faculty is trying to access the Web of Science while abroad.  Is this possible without a VPN? Hi Yes. If he goes to the Libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu and goes to Research Databases (under the search box) and also under "Search and Find" Go to W for web of science.  He'll be prompted for his Andrew user ID and psswd This is true for 99.99% of our databases-those that need the VPN have that info in the database description. Ok.  and using that portal will avoid the issues he had with 'roaming' while trying to access it from abroad? I'm not sure what you mean by "issues with roaming." When he attempted to login in with his Web of Science id and password, he was told he had not accessed it from his network and therefore had no access to 'roaming' Sorry, I don't know what that means.  All I know is that our databases are fit with a proxy that lets you login from anywhere as long as you have an Andrew user ID and Password.  Maybe the problem was that he was logging in with "his" WoS psswd.  To be authenticated, he needs to login with his Andrew user ID and psswd and then sign in if he's registered on WoS. Alright.   I will pass this information along and see if it solves his problem.   Thank you for your help. You're welcome. He can also email us directly if that will help huntref@andrew.cmu.edu But basically he'll get a login prompt for his Andrew user ID and psswd if not on a CMU IP address.  Once in WoS, he can login to use the special features (saved searches, etc.), assuming he registered to use them and that's what he means by loggin in with his WoS ID and psswd.

hello -- I had a question about running a research study/survey  How can help you? Are you interested in running survey? check this https://www.surveymonkey.com/ I am --- however I'm looking for an avenue for deploying it to specific markets. Survey monkey doesn't have as in-depth of filters as I'd like... Check examples from ICPSR and Roper Center databases. Both are available via the Library's Research databases http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php ok, thank you! You are welcome.

Hello! I am conducting a literature review for a research project and am having trouble accessing a few papers. I remember being told by a library representative in a research methods course that I should ask a librarian if I ever can't access a paper. Are you able to help me?  what paper do you need help with? There are a few:  The treatment of autism: A human protest.Murray, MikeJournal of Humanistic Psychology, Vol 14(2), 1974, 57-59. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/002216787401400208 Facing Invisible Dragons: An EastŠ—–West Discussion on Finding Meaning With a Sibling With Developmental DisabilityJuliet Rohde-Brown and Betty FrainJournal of Humanistic Psychology, April 2014; vol. 54, 2: pp. 182-202., first published on July 2, 2013 The Experience of Empathy: Intuitive, Sympathetic, and Intellectual Aspects of Social UnderstandingRita W. Meneses and Michael LarkinJournal of Humanistic Psychology, 0022167815581552, first published on April 21, 2015 Interpersonal Perceptions and Metaperceptions: Psychotherapeutic Practice in the Interexperiential RealmMick CooperJournal of Humanistic Psychology, Winter 2009; vol. 49, 1: pp. 85-99., first published on August 25, 2008 Ok .. hold on have you looked to see if we have these journals? online I mean? here's the link to check by title - http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals  some may only be available in print. Take the first one, for example, we don't have a subscription to that journal .. so you'll need to get it via ILL They're all in the Journal of Humanistic Psychology which CMU does not have online  How do I use the ILL?  we have the journal online  Journal of humanistic psychology  (0022-1678)      from 01/01/1997 to 09/30/1998 in Academic OneFile and General OneFilefrom 01/01/1999 to present in Sage Premier 2016 please search for journal title from the link i gave you above .. The first one is old .. so we don't subscribe to that year .. but the rest should be available  Okay thanks! sure .. anything else? Wonderful, I think I'm all set. Thank you so much for your help!! you're very welcome :) have a great day. You too! :) 

Hi This is Sathwik I took a book using iLLiad and tomorrow is the due date for that, is there a chance to get it re-issued online? This is the reference number: https://illiad.library.cmu.edu/illiad/illiad.dll?Action=10&amp;Form=67&amp;Value=427846 you would need to call Andre Marshal in Illiad or email him .. chances are he won't get to it until Monday, but let me get you his info yeah sure Andrew Marshall 	Resource Sharing Associate II 	amarshal@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 3030 will that be all then? In case if he is not reachable can I return it to HUNT and get it back  will that be possible? *get it back when he agrees for reissuing the copy you can return it, but you cannot check it out right away, I don't think.  It would be sent back and you'd need to re-borrow .. it's best to call him.  If it is not due until tomorrow, you have a "grace" period of a week, so you should be ok I would just wait until Monday and call/email.  You can tell him Ethan suggested that (in case there are problems) and he can talk to me. sounds good? yeah that sounds great. Just to confirm I won't be charged for using the grace period right? correct.   what school/college or department are you in? You may also ask the subject liaison for that department to purchase the item. INI Ok, so you'll need to email Ole Villadsen and ask about purchasing it. let me get you his email:  Ole Villadsen 	Librarian 	ovillads@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 8599     Connecting Research with Researchers   	Sorrells WEH 4407 	Research & Academic Services 		 I'd get the book renewed AND contact Ole (the book purchase, if possible, may take a while).   okay sure. Thanks a lot for all the info :) My pleasure.  Anything else I do for you? That's it for today. Have a great weekend :) Have a gr8 weekend. Thank you :)

Hi Hi What can I help with? I want to know if we as students have free online access to the New York Times. I saw there is an option, where they give you 24 hrs access, but you have to activate it every 24 hrs. Got it.  Let me check on that, pls standby a few moments yes Could you share with me where you are seeing the option for 24hrs access? I am able to find access to the most recent edition of the NYT through ProQuest Newsstream.   Here is the link to the page with the NYT:  http://search.proquest.com/nytimes/publication/2037333/citation/3CFB2751AA0E4014PQ/4?accountid=9902 To get to ProQuest Newsstream, you can go to the Library Homepage, then click on Research Databases under the main search bar. On the next page, click on "All Database Types" and then click "Newspapers" From there you can scroll down to Proquest US Newsstream

I'm having trouble logging in with my Andrew ID. I seem to be logged in, but it requests my CMU ID and PIN number, and tells me "We cannot log you in at this time. Please try again later." What is it you are trying to log into? The library.cmu.edu webpage. I am trying to access IEEE Xplore Ok, so you're off campus, and using the proxy to get into the database? Yes Let me see if I can help.  Just a minute please Would you please try any other database and see if you get the same message? Actually, it seems that I only get the message when I go to "MyAccount" at the top right corner of the page. I seem to be able to access IEEE Xplore despite the error message when logging in OK, took a while, but I could get in on campus.  Wait...stop Logging in at the top corner is ONLY for your library account-what you have checked out, renewing books, etc. NOT for accessing the databases. To log into the databases off campus, just click on the database name after clicking on research databases, and then login with your andrew user ID and psswd. Ah, ok! I hope that helps to clarify- I know it can be confusing-too many logins!! ;-) Yes, that helps! I haven't checked out any books yet so maybe thats just not setup yet Thanks so much! Glad it works!! If you continue to have problems with logging into library account (upper right hand corner), then check with any Circulation desk-they'll be happy to help. Even there, though, you should just need your andrew user ID and psswd! Sorry, must run to a meeting and none of my colleagues are on chat.  If you have additional questions, you can send to huntref@andrew.cmu and we'll be happy to answer them.  I'll be back on chat after my meeting! Have a great day! :-)

Hello? Does CMU have access to the Proquest archive for the Atlantic Monthly? I need an Atlantic article that was published in 1950  hi hi there Let me check how far back our holdings go-just a minute, please. thanks so much Hi-don't have it electronically back that far (only back to 1971 via Proquest), but we do have in paper (you'll need to request from offsite) or on microfilm (which is on the 3rd floor of Hunt).  Here's the record: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/268103/Holdings#tabnav thank you so much You're very welcome! is there a list, just in general, of which publications (magazines and newspapers) CMU has available digitally?  Absolutely! From our homepage, click on Search and find, and then e-journals by titles...or use this link: http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals Just remember that we still do have items in paper and microform, so if you don't find your title in that e-journals list, use the catalog In the catalog, the advanced search may make searching a bit easier: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced brilliant, thank you again! glad to help! :-) And of course, you can always ask for help if you need us to double check!

do you still have the Library Arcade? Hello I am not sure. Let me see if I can locate it. Here is the old address for it: http://eps.library.cmu.edu/rooms/documents/libraries-and-collections/Libraries/etc/index.html I can't find it on the website or research guides. You might want to email engineering librarian, Donna Beck. She might have more information. http://guides.library.cmu.edu/prf.php?account_id=16977 Thank you.  I can look for it in the Internet Archive, too.  I forgot about that.  But I'll also try Donna.  Appreciate your help. You are welcome. Just found it:https://libwebspace.library.cmu.edu/libraries-and-collections/Libraries/etc/  Thank you. Did you find it on our website or the Internet Archive? Never mind. I found it from the site search using one of the game titles. 

Hi. I have a question about an article on EBSCOhost. hi Sure-ask away! I found an article that I'd like to read, and it says "For access to this entire article and additional high quality information, please check with your college/university library, local public library, or affiliated institution." Are you coming in on a CMU IP address?  and can you send me the citation? Yes, I'm on the CMU network now. And here's the page:  http://eds.b.ebscohost.com/abstract?site=eds&scope=site&jrnl=00012505&AN=21489891&h=p8ojDgTz25mLEtPl4J%2f86zfAUGKoYzTVsDcvoE2LFrNnW0vox%2bp0QW8edSwoCq%2bDwUzsmlj6wPJVrbTSmFK79g%3d%3d&crl=c&resultLocal=ErrCrlNoResults&resultNs=Ehost&crlhashurl=login.aspx%3fdirect%3dtrue%26profile%3dehost%26scope%3dsite%26authtype%3dcrawler%26jrnl%3d00012505%26AN%3d21489891 Thx!  Just a minute. I'm curious how you got to EBSCOHOst. EBSCO has several dbs, and we have them individually listed on our database list.  When you go in that way, you should get a link to the full text if we provide or a link to a get it button, that lets you see retrieval options. I'll look for the full text for this. I made it to that page through a Google scholar link Ah....I see.  If you go to our e-journals list (it's under search and find on the libraries' homepage or go to this link: http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals) andcopy and paste in ASHRAE Transactions you'll see the full text options. You can get to this via Google Scholar if you configure GS:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/tools/gscholar I should say you can get to full text links!  I'll try those. Thanks for your help! You're welcome! :-) Have a good day :-) You too!

Hi! I'm trying to access the book Closure by Nancy Berns, and a library says that we have access to an online version of this text. However, when I follow the provided link, there is no record of it. Sorry, a library search says that we have access to an online version. ok let me check  i can't get to it via the link either...let me check further... sorry to keep you waiting not a problem! we don't seem to have access right now.  I suggest that you go thru our InterLibrary loan system to request it also... the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh Main Oakland branch has a print copy of it.... if you give me your email I can email you after I check into problems on our end. okay, my email is eferris@andrew.cmu.edu i appreciate your help with this and I am Donna at donnab@andrew.cmu.edu

Hello! I'm trying to access this publication: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-proquest_miscellaneous_1281218283 Is it only available on campus wifi or campus VPN? Hello! Just a moment while I check on this for you. Thank you! Just to clarify, are you interested in access to the journal as a whole?  Or specifically the article that the link pointed to called "Personals"?   I'm interested in the entire journal, but also that specific article about Phipps. Hmmm...I'm also having a hard time getting access to the journal content--I'm not quite sure what the problem is.  Just a moment while I investigate. I'm afraid I'm not sure what's going on here, and will have to get in touch with our e-resources team.  Are you able to provide your email address so that I can follow up with you? Okay, thanks so much for looking into this. My email address is hrn@andrew.cmu.edu. Great--I'll be in touch soon. Also, do you happen to have a full citation for the document you're looking for?  If not, I'll just work from the link you sent. Unfortunately not. I was going off of the library's search tool and came across that article. This is the citation the link gives me: New publications. (1894, Aug 11). American Gardening (1892-1904), 15, 361. Retrieved from https://search.proquest.com/docview/128143124?accountid=9902 Thanks!  I'll be in touch soon! Great, thanks so much!

Hi, I am looking for a journal article that's not available through the library Ok- This is the name of the article: FOOD SELECTION BY GRAY-HEADED FLYING FOXES (PTEROPUS-POLIOCEPHALUS) OCCUPYING A SUMMER COLONY SITE NEAR GOSFORD, NEW-SOUTH-WALES Canyou give me the rest of the citation-journal article, vol. and date? Parry-Jones, K and Augee, ML (1991) . Food Selection by Grey-headed Flying Foxes (Pteropus poliocephalus) Occupying a Summer Colony Site near Gosford, New South Wales. Wildlife Research 18 , 111Š—–124.  thank you let me just check some things and I'll be back with some info for you thank you No, we don't have it and neither does Pitt, so interlibrary loan would be your option-have you ever done interlibrary loan before? i kind of need the article by wed... would it possible to purchase it on school's behalf? i don't know if that's possible That might be a problem.  ILL usually takes a few more days than that.  Are you going anywhere for Thanksgiving? yeah. Where? new york where in NY (big state!)  I can see if a library near you might have it.  Other than that your only option is to buy from site $25 Australian i see. i am doing a research project on wed that needs the artical article i guess the best option is to purchase it That's about it if you need it really quickly. If you don't mind waiting I can check something we need it quickly. :( thank you anyway though Doesn't seem like anyone in the US has it.  You know, if you want to check with ILL and see if they can get it quickly, the number is 412-268-3030.  But it sounds like buying it will be the absolute quickest way you can get it. oh wow, that's a truly rare resource! thank you, i will give them a call You're welcome.  I hope it helps. :)

Hi hello how may i help? I'm a graduate student joining this Fall welcome :) Thank You how do I get a patron id? that is your Carnegie Mellon ID .. I tried logging in with that it didn't work logging in to what? I'm looking for this book http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/718672 could you please let me know if there any copies available for getting it issues if you're off campus .. you just use your Andrew ID (email) and password I tried logging in to E-Z borrow all copies at the engineering library are checked out, but it is available online  okay thanks for the info..should I give my id or id@andrew.cmu.edu to login to E-Z borrow? ohh I got it now it is asking me to use the 9 digit number on my id card Ok, if you're using EZ borrow .. you just put in your ID (nothing from @ on) you can use your 9 digit number too, that's the second set of numbers on your ID it didn't accept my andrew id when I used my 9 digit id I was able to login ok .. good  Thanks for everything..this chat was very helpful

Good morning. hi I have a question for statista. Can we use statista as a premium account? My friend said that, but I cannot find the instruction on the library web site. Statista is listed on our A-Z list of Databases. On the Libraries homepage, www.library.cmu.edu under Search and Find, you'll see the link to research databases once in the list just go "S" and you'll see Statista listed. Yes, I found that, but I just use as a basic account. I would like to see the premium data. Let me see Where are you seeing "basic" versus "premium" For example, on this page, the icon with "+" is premium data.  https://www.statista.com/search/?statistics=1&amp;forecasts=1&amp;dmo=1&amp;studies=1&amp;industryReports=1&amp;topics=1&amp;infos=1&amp;interval=0&amp;category=0&amp;subCategory=0&amp;region=0&amp;archive=1&amp;q=solar+forecast&amp;sortMethod=idrelevance&amp;accuracy=and&amp;isRegionPref=1&amp;subCategory=0 We have a group account which allows for access to all statistics.  How do I know the group account? I accessed from campus by using library vpn. If you use the link in the database list, you will get access to our group account, which gives access to all statistics, plus downloading by excel, etc.  Is there some statistic/feature that you need that you cannot get into? I got it. Thank you for your time.

Hi! Do you guys have the Norton Shakespeare Tragedies book? let me check one moment ok thanks! Do you mean this edition? http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1038435 We have this at our Qatar campus or do you mean another edition? Do you have that at the cmu campus? Or something similar? no the one I pointed out is not at CMU campus. Have you looked in our library catalog? you might want to browse? unless you have a specific book in mind? http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/451065 for instance we have this text - link I just sent It is a Norton text at Hunt Library You might want to check Hunt Library 2nd floor stacks under falling number:  PR2751  in the PR2751 section, I mean... also  Ok I'll browse! Thank you! you could email the English librarian  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/English Ok! If I don't find it, I'll do that! Thanks! http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/978322 are you still there? I found this record in our catalog: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1259976

Good afternoon I am searching for a book chapter Hi http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F978-1-4757-9027-6_4 I could not find it in the library catalog Could you please help? Yes, let me check for you.  I'll see if we have access via our SpringerLink research database.  Hold one. Unfortunately, we don't have access to all of the Springer e-books and it would appear that this is in one of the collections that we haven't purchased.  You can request the book chapter via Interlibrary Loan though. Have you used Interlibrary Loan yet? Yes I have. Thanks for checking. Glad to help.  Wish we had access. Can I ask for an e-book via ILL as well? In this case, the chapter would be the way to go.  ILL of the entire e-book is ... not likely.  We should likely consider which other Springer e-books collections to purchase.  I don't think we have their Medicine/Life Sciences collection. Thanks. I would only need this chapter. I would place an order via ILL.  This is a physics book Thanks a lot  and have a happy holiday Yes, I have problems with Springer's categorizations.  :-) You and I would call it physics... Springer .... I'm sure they didn't. Yes, happy holidays. :) We have purchased their "physics collection."

Is it possible to search and access the 1967 Pittsburgh Press online? Hello!  Just a moment while I check on that for you. I'm still looking--bear with as I'm new here! Sure, not a problem! I'm not having much luck finding an online collection that would comprehensively cover the Press pre-1980. Is this something you need urgently?  If not, I can check with my colleagues tomorrow morning to make sure I'm not missing anything. Do you have it on microfilm? No it is not urgent Let me check. Looks like we do have it on microfilm at Hunt Library.  Here is the catalog record: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/433421/Description#tabnav Perfect, thank you! And welcome to CMU! Thank you!  I will check with colleagues about this regardless, just so I know what our newspaper coverage is for next time.  Would you like me to email you with what I find out? Sure. This is Prof. Laurie Eisenberg. My andrew id is Le3a. Great--I'll make a note of it, and if I find out we have a more accessible collection, I will be in touch.  Is there anything else I can help you with? Nope, not unless you want to come get dinner started :-) I hear you! Have a great evening! you too bye

Hello, I'm a student trying to do research on humorous political protest. Especially how cultural and occasional backgrounds can influence the efficacy of the protest. Do you have any suggestion for me on which database to look for resources? Hi! May I ask which class this is for and what department you are in? This is the interpretation &amp; argument class from the English Department.  I'm in the business department myself Ah okay. Thanks for that information.  Let me do some checking and in the meantime, I can direct you to our English Liaison who works very closely with this assignment and this class His name is Ethan Pullman and his contact info can be found here: http://library.cmu.edu/about/people/ethan-pullman I'm going to check and see if he has a research guide devoted to this class that will help with specific databases Okay, I believe that this is the research guide that Ethan has put together for this class: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/interpretation On the "Political Resistance" tab in the guide, there are links to some resources: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/interpretation In addition to Academic OneFile, JSTOR, CQ Press Databases, and Project Muse, consider using Ethnic NewsWatch, PAIS Index, and Policy File Index since it sounds like your topic is more political/political science related It might be worth talking with Ethan a bit more to figure out some great resources and to talk about your topic as well.

Hi, do you have a pay as you go copy service?  I leave a voice mail but not sure it was with the correct library.  I am looking for entries from a 1952 and a 1953 yearbook, The Thistle and would like to pay to get some pages copied is possible.   Hello! Hi, thanks for reading my email and apologies for the typos!   I do know that we have copies of The Thistle for those years at the Hunt Library no worries! Let me check to make sure we have those issues I see them in the oversized list on your catalog. But I am a law firm librarian in Washington DC and not a member of your library community.... Oh I see.  I'm fairly new, so let me check about this for you thanks.  Just a minute. Thanks! Okay, thanks for waiting It looks like we don't have a pay as you go copy service However, we may be able to send what you need via interlibrary loan. How large are the sections that you need? just a second, checking the email now. I think we just need to see if a person is in the yearbook for 1952 and 1953 and get his information.  We'd also need the cover page and the back of the title page (verso) of the book so prove the year.   I see. Well, I think the best option is to try and get scans of those through ILL. Do you guys do ILL? If ILL can't deal directly with me in private sector, I could ask my contact at a small research service to get in touch with them on my behalf? That is possible OK, is ILL on the FAQ  Yes, I will give you the contact info and the webpage great This page explains our ILL services. However, since it is from the CMU perspective (meaning someone from our community requesting from someone else), it may be best to email Andrew Marshall about your request. His contact information is on the right-hand side of the page http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting wonderful, thanks again for chatting with me!  and being so patient!  No worries at all! My pleasure! Thanks for reaching out to us, and have a wonderful day!

Hi I am not able to locate this particular paper. I get this link and the paper seems to require purchase... I was wondering if you could assist me with obtaining this paper http://xx4ay4fv5x.search.serialssolutions.com/?ctx_ver=Z39.88-2004&ctx_enc=info%3Aofi%2Fenc%3AUTF-8&rfr_id=info:sid/summon.serialssolutions.com&rft_val_fmt=info:ofi/fmt:kev:mtx:journal&rft.genre=article&rft.atitle=Lognormal+size+distribution+theory+for+deposition+of+polydisperse+aerosol+particles&rft.jtitle=NUCLEAR+SCIENCE+AND+ENGINEERING&rft.au=Park%2C+SH&rft.au=Lee%2C+KW&rft.date=2000-07-01&rft.pub=AMER+NUCLEAR+SOC&rft.issn=0029-5639&rft.eissn=1943-748X&rft.volume=135&rft.issue=3&rft.spage=288&rft.epage=295&rft.externalDBID=n%2Fa&rft.externalDocID=000087867200007 hi let me check more details: Article:Lognormal size distribution theory for deposition of polydisperse aerosol particlesAuthor:Park, SHJournal:Nuclear science and engineeringISSN:0029-5639Date:07/01/2000Volume:135Issue:3Page:288 - 295 yes, I see that ok great We don't have that journal .. you'd have to request an inter-library loan, are you familiar with the service? yes, but just to confirm, I can't get a pdf of the paper in questions? not from our library.  another can scan it and send you a pdf .. Also, I see that pitt has it, but let me check if they have the volume you need ah .. Pitt has it online, but you have to go to Hillman, give them your CMU ID and request a day pass to their databases. This will allow you to access their online subscription and download the aritcle. Here's the record if it helps: Title: 	Transactions of the American Nuclear Society [electronic resource].Publisher: 	New York, N.Y. : Academic Press, [1958]-LC Subject Heading(s): 	Nuclear physics --Periodicals.	Nuclear reactors --Periodicals.	Nuclear engineering --Periodicals.Internet Address: 	http://pitt.idm.oclc.org/login?url=http://pitt.idm.oclc.org/login?url=http://epubs.ans.org/?p=transClick for Web Access: 	Pitt users please click through to access via American Nuclear Society: 2004 to present not sure if there was a title change at some point .. but this looks like the journal you need can i access pitt libraries with a cmu account? no .. you have to get a special pass at the library but not remotely ok, got it. let me assess my options and i will proceed forward. thank you for your help! if you cannot come to the library, then borrowing it is the best option you're welcome anything else I can help with? All good. Thank you. I just submitted a request on the interlibrary loan -- hopefully they will get me a pdf file, but I will be also happy with the actual journal.. whatever works Anyway, thank you! you're welcome

Hello! I'm an alumna, doing some consulting work, and I am hoping to get in-library access to a journal you have in offsite storage. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/282596 I need the fall 1970 one (it's hard to tell from the record whether that is TK7885 .A1 J6 VOL. 36 1970 or TK7885 .A1 J6 VOL. 37 1970, but I would guess it's the latter. Is that possible? hi Hi :)  Again, I wouldn't want to remove it from the library. I would just need to look at it and make a scan of a couple of pages (totally fair use). Do you have the title of what you want-I'm asking because there's a link in the record, and we may have what you need electronically. I can't use an electronic version, unfortunately; I have to put my hands on a bound copy. (Well, it doesn't have to be bound.) (But a physical copy.) If you come to the library, fill out a form, you can get a guest password for computer access for 2 hours and use the db.  I can't use the electronic copy, unfortunately The consulting I'm doing is legal in nature. They need someone to get access to the physical item. sorry, I just checked and the only people who get material from our offsite facility are those with a CMU ID card. You could go to a public library and put in an interlibrary loan request. Would a special borrowers card work, in the future? (I'm not sure there will be enough time to make this work, this time; this whole thing is due Tuesday. My clients didn't give me much time.) No, the special borrowers card does not work. It needs to be a CMU ID card.  The electronic is a PDF from the paper, as far as I can tell. If you tell me the article, give me your email, I can send it to you to use/not use as you and/or your client see fit. BTW if this is due by Tues, we probably wouldn't have had the time to retrieve it by then anyway.  Our library is closed Monday, no retrieval from offsite over the weekend. I appreciate the offer, but I can't use the electronic version. If you're curious, it's the one about the ALOHA system. It's a precursor to CDMA, which cell phones use now. Thanks for letting me know. And thanks for your help. Have a good long weekend! In terms of legality, I understand why you can't use.  Check with Pitt-maybe they can help. Have a good weekend as well. Thanks!

Hi I am currently unable to log into ArtSearch with the username/password provided. Has the password changed? hi are you on or off campus? off ok, let me check odd .. I am able to get on it from campus .. can you tell me if you're using a pc or mac and what browser?  Also, how are you accessing it, from research databases? You should only need to log in with your andrew Id and password I've been using this http://test-eps.library.cmu.edu/databases/arts/artsearch/ oh .. no .. wrong link go to library.cmu.edu under the search box in the middle of the screen, you should see a link to research databases select A, then scroll to ArtSearch click on the link and it should ask you to enter your Andrew ID and password let me know if that works for you? I think we might be talking about different artseaches. This is the one I want http://www.tcg.org/artsearch/index.cfm It looks like there's two on that list No, I believe it's one of the same ..  ArtSearch that we have is a subscription and includes ArtsJobs and ArtsSearch, I believe .. let me double check on that weird .. now I am getting the same screen .. hold on sorry .. calling Mo .. there was a message about .. Artjob ceasing, but not sure if that applies to artsearch  ok thanks ok, she's not in her office .. if you provide me with your name and contact I can forward this question to her .. or you could email her directly at md2z@andrew.cmu.edu I can email her. Thanks great .. anything else I can help with? No thank you great .. enjoy the heat wave

Hi CMU Library Chat. I am Mike Roth a TA for 19-101 I am wondering if this book is available electronically? http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1381752 Hi I'll check, please stand by Thanks you :) *Thank I am also curious about this book as well: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1601244 No problem.  I'm not finding anything for the first one, I'd like to take a look directly in  a few databases though that are more effective to search directly ok. Thank you very much for your help. my pleasure Okay, sorry, I could not find any digital access to the first one.  Looking at the second one now. thank you. Sorry, no luck with the second one either ok thank you for checking my pleasure

Good afternoon, I am searching for this book: ISBN-13: 978-0521897891ISBN-10: 0521897890 University Politics: F.M. Cornford's Cambridge and his Advice to the Young Academic Politician Hello. Let me look into this for you. But I do not seem to be able to find it. Thank you It doesn't look like we have a copy of this title. I suggest you request a copy through E-Z Borrow or ILLiad. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting I could also see if Pitt has it. Thank you for searching Pitt does have a copy. http://pittcat.pitt.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?BBID=5570460 sounds good  I cannot ask u of pitt  I must place the request via ILLiad or E-Z Borrow is that right? Yes. Or go to Hillman Library at Pitt and borrow it. And also, will there be charges? Or the service is for free. Oh I see, so cmu staff can borrow books from other libraries? There is no charge for ILLiad or E-Z Borrow. There is also no charge to borrow a book from Pitt. But you need to take a couple items with you to receive a borrower card. http://www.library.pitt.edu/special-borrower-card Yes, we have a partnership with Pitt. Sounds great Do you have time for one more question? Sure I was wondering if a hard copy of "The Economist" journal was available at the library. And also if it can be borrowed. Let me double check. We do get The Economist in print. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/443769 You can borrow journals for 24 hours. I see. Thanks a lot for your help  You are welcome. Bye Bye

Hello! I need help downloading a PhD thesis hi  from what database? Politesi https://www.politesi.polimi.it/handle/10589/115125 Did you try to get this via our Dissertation & Theses Global database? Nope! I only used the default search engine.  which engine is that? The one that is in the first page of cmu library Ah, ok .. the name of the database is Dissertation & Theses, listed under Research Databases ... here's the link - http://guides.library.cmu.edu/go.php?c=8262156 Thanks, but I didn't find it there you know it's in italian? only the abstract is in English It says language in english ok .. let me try WorldCat ..  But in anycase, it can still be of significant help from the structures figures.  Thanks this means you'll have to place an ILLiad request (interlibrary loan) .. familiar with it? Nope Ok, let me get you the link to request an item ok http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting you'll need to register your andrew ID (you only do this once as long as you are enrolled Ok Thank you so much So, I can place a request after registaring in Illiad, right? hold on let me get you the info you need .. yes, you can place a request .. you'll see once you log in (after you register) that you can place various types of requests (including a dissertation) Ok I can't find it in world cat, but just provide the information on the website you gave me on the form and they'll try to get it Ok sure. THanks you're welcome

Hi! Hi I am Jaya, first year MBA Student. Hi Jaya-what can I help you with? I need to borrow a book. But i don't know how to do it. Could you please help me! Sure. First you need to search our catalog to see if we have the book.  The easiest way to do that might be to use our advanced search.  Our homepage, with the catalog in simple search is www.library.cmu.edu and here's the link to the advanced search  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced (more to come) Once you find the record for the book and see that it is available, you come into the library and retrieve the book.  Take the book, with your CMU ID card to the circulation desk on the 1st floor and they will charge (check out) the book to you.  You'll be give a date the book is due back (more to come) Can i reserve the book? and collect it later If we don't have the book, then you can use either EZ Borrow or interlibrary loan to get a copy of the book -here's the link for those services.  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting no, our books are first come first serve, so if it is available, you cannot reserve it.  However, if it is checked out, you can put a hold on it What does Hold means? That means the person who has the book is told to bring the book in because someone else wants it.  They get to have it for 7 days, then must bring it back so the person who wants it (who placed the hold) can get it. When it comes back the person who put the hold on it is notified it is available. Thanks! Have a nice day You're very welcome! :-)  You have a good day as well!

Hi, I'm trying to find major suppliers and their market share in the pesticides and fertilizer industry. I have the impression that there is a data base for that. Do you happen to know the data base name? Thank you very much! hi yes you should start with the business research guide and look for industry .. let me get you started with a couple of links to these guides .. give me a minute This guide has various tabs, one of which is "industries" and should help get you started .. http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper Thank you soooo much! I have been searching for this for a long time oh .. if you're at our website, on the right, there's a link that says research guides just for feature reference :) Please let us know if we can provide more assistance I'm not sure if this data base exist...     Is there a data base for regulations and standard testing methods to measure the degradation of polymer to soil to evaluate the environmental impacts?  which department are you with?  I am asking because your liaison librarian may be able to answer that and I can connect you with her/him. I'm in materials science department, but this is a course under Civil/Environmental ok, you'll need to email Lynn Berard .. do you know her? Her email is lberard@andrew.cmu.edu It's called Environmental Nanotechnology, so I'm not sure which department this belongs to no worries .. start with Lynn .. :) Thank you!! Have a nice day! you too

Good Morning, Peter Hi- Let me read your question Above was all neatly paragraphed for clarity but now all smooshed together. Peter Sorry, but this is really beyond the scope of our chat service.   It really seems to be a question for a copyright lawyer, which we are not.  We can refer you to some copyright websites in the US if that would help. https://www.copyright.gov/title17/ Thanks Please do I was googling and your website demonstrated that CM had the expertise so I thought IŠ—Èd fire something off to you.  Our chat service is intended for our immediate community, for the more simple questions.  Complex ones we'd refer to the librarian for that subject area.  We don't however, have a copyright librarian, though we do have lawyers on campus for CMU students and faculty.  But we'll answer questions from "afar" if easy, quick.  Sadly, your question is not easy or quick! The link I gave is for the US copyright office, which then gives all US copyright law.  https://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl100.html Untangling copyright is a major task, and yes, a very, very thorny problem. https://www.copyright.gov/circs/circ38a.pdf http://cocatalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?DB=local&PAGE=First https://www.copyright.gov/records/voyager_tutorial.pdf I'm pretty familiar with international copyright law but as you say this is a complex issue. I've asked a couple of lawyers but they just talked around the subject in a fairly obfuscatory way. I was looking for someone who really knew their onions Checking the links you sent Thanks You're welcome.   Looks very useful. Thanks and Good bye Bye-have a good day!

Dear Madam, Sir,  Hello. Allow me to look into this for you. Thank you very much for your help. I am not really sure who is the best person to get in contact with. I can do a preliminary search for you.  Do you have a thesis title? Not really, I can show you the letter I found with the author's names.  Thank you Unfortunately, I am not having much luck finding a record for a thesis by these authors in our catalog OR ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Global. I didn't find anything neither. Do you know if there is a repository for old thesis, and in case, since when? If we have a copy of the thesis, it would be in our catalog. Let me check one more thing. No - that didn't work either. I suggest you contact the University Archives. Perhaps they could provide some direction. The archivist is Julia Corrin. http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/julia-corrin Thank you so much for your help and time, I wish you a nice day! You are welcome. Good luck!

Hello Hi I have some books checked out that I need for a research paper due just before Thanksgiving break.  They are due on November 4th, and I've already renewed them once.  Is there anyway for me to renew them again? If you can't renew them again online, then you'll need to bring them into the library and you can renew in person as long as no one has a hold on them (you would have gotten an email asking you to bring the books back if someone had). Is there anyway for me to renew them in person without bringing in the physical books?  I live off campus, and it is a decent number of books.  I can come in in person, I'd just like to not have to carry around several books all day if I don't absolutely have to. As far as I know, no, you need to bring them in.  You can double check with circulation by calling 412-268-2444 Ok, thank you You're welcome! You  can always bring them in a few at a time. Yeah, I would have, but at this point they are due on Friday and I forgot to do it sooner oops....time does fly this time of year!! It sure does Well, consider paying a fine if you have to: Books	25Î¢ http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/fines I'll probably just bring them in tomorrow (I called the circulation desk, you were right, I do have to bring them in) Yeah, that's what I thought.  Just suck it up, bring it in, and then you can relax about it.  And also save the money for a cup of coffee or something else! ;-) You'll feel so virtuous when it's done! Yup :) Thank you for your help! You're welcome! Have a great day! :-) Same to you :) Thx!

Hi, I'm student from Tepper. I'm trying to find industry report on data analytics/business intelligence tools. Can you give me some suggestion on how to get started? Hi! This is Ryan Splenda, I am the Business & Economics Librarian Hi Ryan! I can lead you to a guide that I have created that focuses on industry research OK ANd I can tell you which resources to dig into on that guide that may have some info One second Here is the link to the guide: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries Do you have time to look at it now? Are you still there? oh sorry yes no worries! Just checking :) Were you able to get into the guide? yep Okay, now under the "Industry Overview" section take a look at Gartner, BCC Research, and Frost & Sullivan since you are focusing more on technology ok One quick note about Frost & Sullivan. We have read-only access to that database. If you find a report of interest, just email me and I can get the PDF for you my email is rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu oh great. That's awesome. Thank you No problem!  Does that cover everything for now? yep thank you! Perfect! You are very welcome If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to email me :) yep. Thanks again! You are welcome. Have a wonderful day! You too! will do, thanks!

sorry for the late reply How can I have access to the 2007 edition? I tried search in the library website and don't see it hi- hi the librarian you were chatting with left, sorry I was distracted by something else so I'm trying to piece together your question-is this what you want:http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1642788 unfortunately it's not It's a different handbook How long does it take to request the library to buy the book in the link I sent before? I don't have that link-that's the problem, so I can't find you the 2007 edition you were asking about.  Depending if it was ordered rush or not, which I also can't tell, it could take a few days. http://www.madcad.com/store/subscription/ASHRAE-Guideline-20-2010-RA2016/ This is the link of the ASHRAE guideline I need Thank! Actually it's not like a book, more like a 8-page report/paper I think it's a digital version OKI-you were asking about the 2007 edition, but I don't see it either. The only  ASHRAE 2007 I found was the link I gave you, and if that's not it, we don't have it.  I just talked to the librarian you were chatting with before and she confirmed that the 2007 she thought we had was the link I gave you.   Yeah, thanks for confirming me with that.. What I need is ASHRAE Guideline 20-2010 (RA 2016) - Documenting HVAC&R Work Processes and Data Exchange Requirements, it's not the same book you sent to me in the link. I also don't think there seems to be a 2007 version, the one I need is first published in 2010 I think. So if this is a digital version, I am wondering will it be fast to get the document if I request it We don't have it-you'll need to use our interlibrary loan service if you need to get something we don't have, as long as you are a CMU affiliated person.  Here's the link http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Usually interlibrary loan takes about 5 days If you want a librarian to consider buying it, let me know what dept you are in and I will give you the contact info for that librarian I see, thanks for letting me know! I will probably buy it myself as it's not expensive Thanks for the help´_ You're welcome!

Hi. I have added a couple E-texts to my bookbag, but don't know how to open them. Could you help me? Hi Sure, can you tell me a little more about where you are in the process?  Have you tried to access the books online? So far I have clicked on my bookbag and then clicked "export files". But they are exported in formats that my computer can't open. Okay. If you give me one of the titles, I can find it and walk you through the process. css3 for web designers Is this the one by Jeff Zeldman? Yes Okay, from what I can tell, we do have access to this eBook through Safari Books Online.  Try this link here:  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-b8282-3ae346b0e6c2465f9718f4153b66de8ce23814bfbbef18b9e09973680dbc0c093 Is that the one? Yep, that's the one :) Okay, great.  So, to access this book you will need to click the Link about 2/3rds of the way down.  Unfortunately, we can only read Safari Books while online in their platform, i.e. we cannot download them.  There is a option to create a personal folder within the Safari Books Online application; you can save the book there, and then come back to it whenever you wish to read it.   Here is the link I mean:  	http://proquestcombo.safaribooksonline.com/9780134433967 When you are ready, would you like to go through any other eBooks you have selected and see how to access them?  We use a variety of eBook vendors, and, unfortunately, they are all a bit different in terms of how to access or download (where possible) their books. I looked through the css3 ebook. And I'm thinking a hardcopy will be easier to use. Thanks so much for your help though! I appreciate it! no problem, thanks!  Good luck!

hello Hello, How may I help you? I want to find a book:  Applying UML and Patterns: An Introduction to Object-Oriented Analysis and Design and Iterative Development, 3rd Edition. Prentice Hall. ISBN 0-13-148906-2. May I borrow it? Let me check if we have that book.  ok,thank you We have that book available as an ebook You can access it here http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-safari_books_01314890623 is this an e-book? may I book the paper book? Yes, it is an e-book. Unfortunately, we do not have a paper copy in our library.  If you'd like you may request it through Interlibrary Loan. There are directions here http://guides.library.cmu.edu/gettingresources it is ok do you have this book paper copy in libaray Bloch, Joshua. Effective Java, Second Edition. Addison-Wesley, ISBN 978-0321356680 You can search for any book from our homepage http://www.library.cmu.edu/ You can search in the "Everything" Tab, or you can selection the lab for only books, articles, or journals.  We also have that book as an ebook. You can see it here http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-safari_books_97801371500213 that is fine, thank you

hi,  hello how may i help? is there a way to see the books that I have checked out previously? I did not save it in the search section of my account no, once books are returned they are erased from your records .. privacy matter however .. may I give you a future alternative? sure Do you know what Mendeley is? yes, i use it but forgot to log the book into it good .. and sorry that you forgot  I think that's really the only way .. you may have been able to add it to your "book bag" but I am not certain how long that's kept .. if you want I can check i checked .. book bags don't stay after you leave the search page .. sorry wait .. i stand corrected .. here's how you do this: when you go to the library page, make sure you are logged in (there's a login link on the top right). once you are, you can select the books you find and add them to Book Bag, on the very bottom ... that said, you have to remember to do that :( otherwise, you wouldn't have a saved list. I hope that helps thank you. I am gng to jog my memory to see if i can recollect you're welcome .. do you remember any keywords? what it's about? I may be able to help with that .. it was about clean air act ok .. let me do a quick search I did an advanced search and "clean air act" as a subject ..  here's a list of results ...  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Results?join=AND&bool0%5B%5D=AND&lookfor0%5B%5D=clean+air+act&type0%5B%5D=Subject&lookfor0%5B%5D=&type0%5B%5D=AllFields&lookfor0%5B%5D=&type0%5B%5D=AllFields&submit=Search&illustration=-1&daterange%5B%5D=publishDate&publishDatefrom=&publishDateto= either of these two? advanced search, i will use that to find it

Hello Hi! How can I help? Do you have this book :  Statistical Analysis of fMRI Data, by Gregory Ashby Let me check and see thanks You are welcome. One moment please Okay, it looks like we do not have this book. We have a similar book called "Statistical Analysis of Functional MRI Data" here: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1608480 If you need the exact book that you mentioned though, you can request it using our interlibrary loan service More info on that can be fond here:http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting (use the ILLIAD service on the left) Sorry, here's the link: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Are you still there? yes thanks. I was wondering if it is possible to access to an online version of the book I know it was published with MIT press I see.  Do you have any agreement with them ? We don't have the book available at all though Is this for a psychology course? No, research for my dissertation Oh I see.  Are you a PhD in psychology? philosophy Okay, thanks for that Here's what I would suggest: we have a liaison librarian to philosophy.  His name is Ethan Pullman. His contact information can be found here: http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/ethan-pullman If you contact him, he may be willing to buy an e version of this book ok. thanks a lot. You are welcome! Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

Hi Hi I am looking for this article and I cannot find it anywhere, so I am wondering if we have a hard copy of it in the library the article is: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/264244450_Promoting_Self-Reflection_of_Social_Isolation_Through_Persuasive_Mobile_Technologies_The_Case_of_Mother_Caregivers_of_Children_With_Cancer Sure-be glad to check-just a few minutes its in the Š—äINTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HUMAN-COMPUTER INTERACTION 30(10) thanks  No, sorry, we don't have it in paper.  Most recent we would have is 18 months ago (embargoed in the Business Source Premier database).  Would you like me to check if Pitt has it? yes that would be great Sure-just a minute Sorry, their most recent is 18 months ago as well. Interlibrary Loan would be your best bet.  Are you familiar with that service? No I am not You register with the service (easy and quick-basic demographic info), then fill out the form for the item you want (in this case, journal article).  We find a library that has it and get a copy for you.  Often with journal articles we'll get a PDF, put the copy in your ILLiad account (that's your ILL account you registered for) and then you can read and/or download to your own computer.  You'll also be able to keep a record of all your requests.  We can get just about anything as long as someone will lend/copy for us!  I'll send link next http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting ok thanks! how long does it usually take? Usually about 5-7 days, though if there's not a big pile (your request goes on bottom of pile), it can be quicker.  Once I got an article the next day! ok great thank you You're welcome!  Anything else I can help you with? no, not at this moment- thanks! You're welcome-have a good day! :-)

hello  Hi! I am a TA in Rwanda  How may I help you today i was was looking for this book "Practical Research: Planning and Design (10th or 11th ed.), by Paul D. Leedy and Jeanne Ellis Ormrod,Pearson Education" do you have it in the library Let me take a look Okay, the newest edition that we have is the 7th edition from 2001 as a physical book in the library ooh  we were looking for but as a pdf or any electonic format the edition is fine we can use the available one I see. What I can do is give you the contact information for the liaison librarian to CMU-Rwanda She may be able to get a newer copy, and maybe an electronic version of it as well okay thank you for that Okay, one moment Here is the research guide that the liaison librarian for Rwanda has created: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/Rwanda Her name is Lynn Berard and her contact info is on that guide thank you very much  You are very welcome! It looks like we have interlibrary loan services to Rwanda as well if you have to go that route in the end  also i am working on a project about fintech in Africa  "interlibrary loan services to Rwanda" what do you mean? That is when we go out and find books that we either do have or don't have and can send them to the campus in Rwanda for use In case Lynn can't get a copy of the edition that you are looking for in electronic form okay thank you i will contact you if needed thank you have a nice day You do the same Thanks for contacting us today :)

Hi - I am a phd student at CMU EPP I am looking for a paper "Air quality co-benefits of subnational carbon policies"  and I am wondering if you could help me find it hi let me check .. do you have journal title info ..  here you go .. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-c2136-5158af1f0e887aea9714c6d647fa9f94f959ea1d1d42c634206536aa092bdd542 you'll be asked to log in with your Andrew ID if you're on your laptop or off campus ..  were you able to view the article? hi sorry

Can you tell me names of milk delivery companies in pittsburgh in early 1900? I can see what I can find out.. Is this research for a particular project? The story I'm writing about my grandfather who drove a horse-drawn milk wagon in Lawrenceville 1902-1920. ok..Have you already contacted archivists at University of Pittsburgh--Historic Pittsburgh? http://www.library.pitt.edu/ask-archivist I looked at digital images but saw nothing difinitive. Yes, I would definitely contact them via link that I sent you But let me check further one moment My aunt thought my grandfather worked for Otto but they didn't start up until 1928.  I want to correct my record. I'm just exploring a bit but would want to devote some time on your qx. The Pittsburgh City Directory from the time period that you are seeking might be of interest.  The Carnegie Library of PIttsburgh may be able to help you with directories searching also if you are willing to provide your email...I can explore further..Donna Beck, Engineering Librarian http://www.coachbuilt.com/bui/s/schnabel/schnabel.htm Okay.  I'm 80 and live in Zelienople.  I did most of my family history research in Oakland when I lived in Pittsburgh.  I'll send you a note at your e-mail address. Thank you very much. my email is donnab@andrew.cmu.edu

I'm on the CMU-SECURE network, but when I try to access a ProQuest book, I'm being asked to sign in Hi What's the title of the book? Metasploit Ok-thanks-just a minute while I check some things out. Ok, thank you! I'm on a CMU IP address and I can access the text.  Did you use the link in our catalog?   hmm, yes http://proquest.safaribooksonline.com/9781593272883?uicode=cmellon Is the link I was using And when you click on "start reading," or one of the sections in the books (on the left)...you get a login prompt? I just tried connecting to the VPN to make sure that I'm on the network, and when I click "Start reading," I still get this message: "ou are viewing the content on this page in Preview Mode.    I don't know that I can answer why this is not working.  What happens when you try the link without the VPN-I'll give you the record URL with the link.  http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1713316 Oh I just clicked the sign in as a library user link and it worked Thanks so much! OK-glad it worked.  Yes, with VPN mus use library resources, also must use links in catalog or from our website (for databases) rather than going to vendor directly.  I'm not sure what I did-but glad you're all set and able to read the book.  E-books can be tricky-vendors sometimes drop them out/change links without telling us, so a tad difficult to troubleshoot.  Anyway-happy reading!

Hi, there's book that's checked out that I'd like to place a hold on. How do I do that? Hi there unfortunately our system is down, so it's not allowing holds.   the good news is that some of the books that it says are checked out are not - so if you're near the library you can check the shelves We're sorry for the inconvenience!  They are working on it - hope it will be back up soon. Cool, can I just tell you the book(s), are you able to find out? And no problem! OK - what's the book? Book 1: After Virtue, by MacIntyre is this a book required for a class? Nope! good - more likely it will be there!  this will take a while because I need to use another system to look it up, and then look for it on another floor.  what is your email? Ok -- thanks! If you don't have time to go physically look for it, you can just email me the call number (I can't see it atm). My email is will.nalls@googlemail.com. Could you also look for book 2: Knowledge in Action, by Reiter? not gmail? is this the first book:  https://www.worldcat.org/title/after-virtue-a-study-in-moral-theory/oclc/10751724&referer=brief_results lol gmail works too. Yes, that's it. The Reiter book is an e-book - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1016684  and the link is right there (where it says "online access") so you could get it that way (We are a subscriber) Yes, I've found an e-copy of the Reiter book, but I also wanted to check for the physical copy, since it may actually be available. That's not urgent, though, I can get that after the system is back up. Ok, I need to run, but if you could send me the call number for the MacIntyre book, I'll check if it's there -- thanks! Well if we have the Reiter book in print, it would be at Sorrells and the call number should be Q387 .R48 2001  Oh great, thanks. OK will do

Hi, are you available? yes I graduated from MSIN in 1998/1999, and I need to have a copy of my graduate Thesis. I see that it's available on the library catalog, but I cannot access it. Can you help? This is the link: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/591805 My name is Roy Laurens The link if for the record in the catalog only, the thesis is not online.  Let me check and see if it's in another db we have. I was checking Proquest's dissertations and thesis database, but I don't see any in there by Roy Laurens.  Did you by any chance submit it to our Research Showcase? I don't remember. I'm sorry I don't even remember if I submit it or not just a minute please thanks wait Where exactly are you? are  \ I am in Orlando, FL I am not local ARe you in school-affiliated with an educational institution? What we need you to do is to place an interlibrary loan request, from either an educational institution/library you are affiliated with OR via a public library.  Then we will send you a copy (probably digitally) to fill that request. Not in USA. I teach remotely to a University in Surabaya, Indonesia. They are the one that requested my Master's Thesis so I can get accredited in the country If you aren't affiliated with a school library, any public library should be able to place an ILL request for you.  I thought you said that you are in Orlando fl?? Yes, I am teaching remotely I will contact my local library then If you are in Orlando, there should be a public library that can place an interlibrary loan request for you what information should I give to the librarian? The link you gave me should have all the information you need to place the ILL request.  Go to your public library, and tell the librarian you need to request an item via interlibrary loan.  Bring all the information from the link you gave me with you (the catalog record for your thesis).  This should be all the information they need to place the request with us. OK, thanks a lot for all your help! You are welcome! If you need additional information on this-email hl82@andrew.cmu.edu.  This is the email address of our interlibrary loan office.  They can also be reached at 412-268-3030. ok. thanks again. Glad to help!

Hello, I am trying to check out an ebook but I keep getting asked for an ANDREW login which I dont have. I enter my library card number but that is not sufficient. Can you help please?  Hello! Hi! Can you give me a bit more information about the e-book? Sure it's called Security policies and implementation issues by Rob Johnson and it has etext Okay, just a moment! thanks It seems to be available on our Safari platform.  Are you currently on campus or off campus? I am off campus.  What is Safari - do you mean the browser? No--Safari is an e-book platform that provides us access to a lot of our ebook collection.  You should be able to access this if you go through the library website.  Did you try that yet? I believe so - I went through CMU Libraries - here is the URL it's at: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1711793/Holdings#tabnav That's correct--when you click on the "Connect to this resource online", you may be prompted for your Andrew login, as you mentioned.  When you say you don't have one, are you a current student/faculty/staff at CMU? No but I have a library card.  I have checked out many other online books from CMU with it Can I ask what your affiliation with CMU is?  Did you obtain a guest library card from an affiliation with an organization? In other words, is it a 'special patron library card'? I don't know that it's a "guest" card - I am the Chair of the Postal Customer Council for the USPS and we work with CMU on a lot of programs so that is how I initially was referred to receive it. My number is 11812017038485 if that help!  *helps!  I could be wrong, but that looks like a Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh card number.  Is it possible you're confusing the public library with the university library system?    Oh gosh I'm sorry - I guess that's what it is... I didn't realize it was different actually, I thought it was under CMU.  No, CMU is a private university.  You'll want to check with the public library at http://www.carnegielibrary.org/. ok thanks for your help!  No problem!  Have a great day!

Hi, I have a question about Chicago style citations.  If I am using a published study that does not have an author listed, am I supposed to begin the citation with the title of the study or with the organization that conducted the study? just a minute and I'll find out  Thank you! I am supposed to use the 15th edition Manual of style  On this page - https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/717/03/ see "Anonymous Works"  - also on the left it has more information on the Chicago Manual of Style citations Thank you!  That appears to be the 16th edition - don't know if it's a problem   We have the 15th edition in Hunt Library - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/196523 Is there a way to access the 15th edition? I'm a student at the DC campus  Ah - we don't have it online (it's from 2003) but there may be some help site out there  - just a minute and I'll look (s (Still, I imagine that the principle regarding what to do with anonymous works is the same :-)) http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/15/ch17/ch17_toc.html that looks like it will work - see anonymous works Thank you! I'll keep looking. This requires login information.  I appreciate your help.  are you sure?  it's free from here  Yeah maybe because I am not on the CMU network  I can probably access it with VPN  indeed, or else try this link: http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/home.html  and click the box for 15th edition at the right That worked!  Thank you!  you're welcome!

Where is this book: Probabilistic graphical models : principles and techniques  by  Koller, Daphne? I can't find it on the library system. Hello Hi! :) Please give me a moment to take a look for this book  Sure!  Thanks! It appears that book is currently checked out http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1326502 We have two copies, one of which is currently overdue. If you can place a hold on the book and it will be held for you when it is returned.  That would be perfect! Do you need my andrew ID ? I'm sorry, you'll need to do it yourself.  If you go to think link I sent you can see next to copy 1 is a hyperlink that says "Place Hold" If you click on that it will ask you to log in with you Andrew ID to place the hold I did it!  Thank you! Can you look for this book too?  LAURITZEN, S. (1996). Graphical Models. Clarendon Press, Oxford Sure. One moment It does not appear that we have that book in our collection. Although we do have some journal articles by the same author.  You can request the book through interlibrary loan if you would like http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting What department are you in?  Statistics and EPP both PhD student Great. You could also request that we purchase the book by contacting one of the librarians for EPP, either Sue Collins (sc24@andrew.cmu.edu) or Lynn Berard ( lberard@andrew.cmu.edu). Can I do that with both book? You can certainly ask. Since we already own 2 copies of the first book it may not be possible but you can inquire.  Is there anything else I can help you with? That's everything!  Thanks so much! Have a good evening! You too!

Good Morning.  I'm in the Dept of Psychology and am trying to track down a dissertation from 1960.  Does Hunt have any microfilm/copies of dissertations that go back that far? Good morning.  We may have it in Dissertation & Theses @ Carnegie Mellon, the database.  Did you check there? What is the title of the dissertation? The database is listed under research databases.  Here's a direct link - http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 If you'd like, please let me know what title you're looking for so I could look it up I don't have a title, all I have is the author's name William Pare.  Can you look it up through that?? sure .. I'll check .. and you're sure about the year? Give me one second to check on that please. Does this sound right? THE EFFECT OF SECONAL AND CAFFEINE ON A VISUAL DISCRIMINATION HABIT AND A SHOCK-AVOIDANCE TASKPare, William Paul. Carnegie Mellon University, ProQuest Dissertations Publishing, 1960. 0227613.  Yes, the year is 1960, school is Carnegie Institute of Technology, Doctor of Philosophy, 1960, institution is CMU.  Also received an MS in 1960 from CIT, CMU. Sorry, the MS degree was in 1957. Ok, it is not available digitally .. Let me check for a print copy. Thanks so much--I really appreciate it! my pleasure .. one moment plz It is available in our storage .. here's the library catalog record where you can place a request - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/445014 you'll click on "place a hold", log in with your andrew ID, and select where you'd like it sent (Hunt, Sorrells, Mellon) you'll be notified when it arrives. Let me know if there's anything else I can help with.  This is great---do you have any idea how long it will take to get to Hunt? not more than a couple of days (not counting a weekend if you do this on a friday) That's wonderful!!  Thanks so much for your help.  I'm going to email this to myself so I can follow through with the request.  Have a wonderful day--you sure made mine wonderful!! glad I could .. have a great day as well :) Bye

Hello! How long typically does it take for an item to arrive from off-site storage? I requested an item on April 18, and my library record doesn't provide any update about the progress of this request.  Hi Let me see if I can track that down... Could you provide the name of the title that you requested? Structural functions in music. by Wallace Berry. Okay, please stand by a moment while I track it down Which circulation desk did you request it be sent to? I selected Hunt Library.  Thanks.  I'm on the phone now with the offsite storage.  Just a few more moments please. Okay.  The book is neither at the offsite storage facility or at Hunt Library.  Ona Taylor (x86975) is investigating now to find out its location.  If you have any further questions, you may contact her directly.  She will also get in touch with you once she uncovers additional information. Thank you for looking into it.  My pleasure.  Sorry it is missing - hopefully we can get it to you very shortly. thanks!

How do I download etext? hi it depends on the etext .. what is the title?  some allow you to download a chapter, some the whole book, some only allow you to read it onine If it's just an article, click on the title and in the record you should see a link that says Online Access Hierarchical Linear Modeling: Guide and Applications Ok .. if you click on the title .. it should take you here - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1752750 In Online Access, it takes you to the book let me know when you get to that point ..  I'm there ok .. thought I lost you :) you'll see links to chapters .. right? I lose you when I go back to my page... no I don't see any chapter links Do I need to click on something? ok .. hold on tip .. so you don't lose me .. if you right click your mouse and select open in a new tab, you can move back and forth from this conversation to the book now ...  you clicked on the link I gave you, right? yes ok .. then you clicked where it said "online access"? I don't see "online access". I found it. what do you see?  After title, author, format, ... ok .. click on it .. that should take you to the book  Now do you see the chapters? I see the chapters now.   ok .. that's how you know it's chapter by chapter .. i.e. there's no option for full download if you click on the chapter you need, you can download that chapter .. you'll see a big red button with Download pdf Can I download a chapter at a time and can I download it onto an ipad or kindel? kindle It's pdf .. so yes, you should be able to download on kindle or iPad .. as long as you have a pdf viewer and yes, you'll need to download one chapter at a time thanks. I guess we are done here you're welcome .. then have a great day :) stay warm

Hello! My name is Daniel Manners and I am a senior at CMU.  For my class EPP Projects, my group is researching the benefits and impacts of Police Body Worn Cameras (BWCs).  One area we are examining is "transparency" and we want to see how available video footage from BWCs is to local Pittsburgh media.  Does the library offer resources or subscriptions to Pittsburgh Post Gazette, CBS Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Tribune Review, ABC, and WPXI, and any other similar sources?  We would like to search through their articles or archives to find mentions of BWCs.  Thank you. Hi I'm reading your message right now ... one moment. I've used the e-Journals list on the library's home page to determine that we do have access for the full text of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette back to 1993.  We also have access to an archive of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Blog. Let me see if I can find the others using the E-journals list.  You'll find the E-journals list just below the blue "Everything" search box. I'm finding the Pittsburgh Tribune Review listed there as well.  I expected that.  Now for the TV sources ... this I'm a bit unsure of.  Let's see what I find. Ok thank you, I am looking as well It looks like the national TV transcripts are available via our E-journals list.  Still digging. Thanks.  This is enough for me to go on actually, as long as I know where to look I can do the searching.  eJournals seems to have most of what I'm looking for. I would suggest that we ask the Hunt Library librarians about TV archives (I'm in the Sorrells Engineering & Science Library). I could pass along your contact information to the Hunt Reference email service.

HI, I'm trying to find the fund raising process of a startup called Theranos since 2003. It's a company valued $9 billion now, but I couldn't find the process and stages that it raised funds. Do you have some suggestions for where to look at? Thanks! OK let me see how I can help For company research, we have a guide.  I'm directing you there first since we currently don't have a Business Librarian.  Let me see what us I can find more specific to your question: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Let me check further one moment I did a search for Theranos in the database:  Hoover's to get an industry overview... Thank you!  Found this report: http://www.pharmacist.com/report-shows-theranos-testing-plagued-problems Example of another report found in Hoover's search for the company:  http://mainenewsonline.com/content/16048014-theranos-could-be-offering-inaccurate-results-its-blood-testing http://khn.org/morning-breakout/cms-theranos-report-details-lack-of-quality-control-use-of-unqualified-personnel/ let me keep looking do you have this article?  http://fortune.com/2015/10/28/theranos-is-seeking-to-raise-200-million-in-new-funding/ Thank you very much! The first link mentioned something very useful to me, "an inspection report released by federal regulators on Thursday". How to find this kind of inspection report? I searched on  FDA website, but I didn't find such report I'm back...I had another chatter...let me check for the report in question...

Hi, I think my account is locked.  what are you trying to do? renew a book? When I am trying to access to the dataabase. It gives me this error message:File missing: docs/suspend.htm Proquest and other database ok, let me check...you have a current Andrew acct, correct? yes kw25 did you try opening another database and get the same error? yes You might want to contact CMU help ctr about problems with your account: https://www.cmu.edu/computing/accounts/index.html since I don't have problems getting to database Are you off campus? yes Hmm, well try off-campus instructions http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus I did a search on line. Someone says that it maybe because the server think that I am a robot  Then I would report to: ul-ezproxy-support@andrew.cmu.edu. or trying downloading the VPN and use it to get off-campus access also available at the link:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus okay. Thank you. I think maybe because I download too much data with a short time, it thinks that I am robot.  What is the restriction for downloading articles?  ? Each database has its own restrictions.  For extensive mining, we have started a list of particular databases policies http://library.cmu.edu/research/tdm I can look into Proquest restrictions and get back to you by email. I saw the link that you sent to me. I am also doing data mining and need a lot of data.  Thank you.  OK any particular Proquest database?  Otherwise, I will email you back with additional info.  Donna Beck, Engineering Librarian Proquest  newsstand  ProQuest Newsstand this is the name ok...I'll see what I can find out and follow-up with email to you.  okay, thank you .

I sought Matt Grossmann, Artists of the Possible, on Cameo on line, under the Author category.  Response was no such holding.  I sought then under title, Artists of the Possible.   I found it in the collection with call number, although with author's name listed as Matthew Grossmann, not Matt Grossman.   Took the book out, and the book itself, title page for instance, lists author as Matt Grossman.  So I'm asking you, out of curiosity, how these two inconsistencies between Cameo and on-the-ground reality may have occurred.  John Modell Let me check. Thank you. Let me give you two cataogs: CMU as  Artists of the Possible : governing networks and American policy change since 1945by Grossmann, Matthew. Published 2014Š—“...867715740...Š—Located: Hunt Library - STACKS-2 (Stacks 2nd Floor)Call Number: JK275 .G77 2014 and OCLC under responsibility has Matt.  	Artists of the Possible :governing networks and American policy change since 1945 /Author(s): 	Grossmann, Matthew. Publication: 	Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, USA,Year: 	2014Description: 	x, 249 pages ; 24 cm.Language: 	EnglishSeries: 	Studies in postwar American political development; Variation: Oxford studies in postwar American political development.Contents: 	Chapter 1: The Insularity of American Policymaking -- Chapter 2: Aggregating Policy History -- Chapter 3: Does the Issue Agenda Matter? -- Chapter 4: The Long Great Society -- Chapter 5: Issue Politics and the Policy Process -- Chapter 6: Explaining Policy Change.Standard No: 	ISBN: 9780199967834 ((hardback)); 0199967830 ((hardback)); 9780199967841 ((paperback)); 0199967849 ((paperback)); National Library: 016654325 LCCN: 2013-31288Abstract: 	"Policy change is not predictable from election results or public opinion. The amount, issue content, and ideological direction of policy depend on the joint actions of policy entrepreneurs, especially presidents, legislators, and interest groups. This makes policymaking in each issue area and time period distinct and undermines unchanging models of policymaking"--	SUBJECT(S)Descriptor: 	Political planning -- United States -- History. Policy sciences -- History. POLITICAL SCIENCE -- Public Policy -- Social Services & Welfare. POLITICAL SCIENCE -- History & Theory. HISTORY -- United States -- 21st Century. Policy sciences. Political planning. Politics and government Genre/Form: 	History. Geographic: 	United States -- Politics and government. United States. Note(s): 	Includes bibliographical references (pages 233-240) and index.Class Descriptors: 	LC: JK275; Dewey: 320.60973Responsibility: 	Matt Grossmann.Vendor Info: 	Coutts Information Services Ingram YBP Library Services YBP Library Services (COUT INGR YANK YANK)Document Type: 	BookEntry: 	20140103Update: 	20160301Accession No: 	OCLC: 867715740Database: 	WorldCatPrevious record Might we each save some time if we shifted to ordinary e-mail?  The chat seems to take many minutes to swallow what you're pasting into it.  This is, as I said, only a matter of curiosity to me (about how the library works), and has no urgency about it, except insofar as curiosity is a somewhat urgent frame of mind.  My e-mail is exigent@andrew.cmu.edu. if you'd be OK with shifting to this.

how can i get the book the bastard by erskine caldwell on my computer? hi Let me see if we have an electronic copy. We don't seem to have an electronic copy.  I'm not even sure we have a paper copy-we don't have a work by that title alone, can't tell from the records if it's in any of his collections. thank you for your help. You're welcome. If you need a paper copy, I can check local libraries for you if you'd like. If no local library has, there are other options  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting that would be great. No one seems to have it locally-closest is Penn State.  If you did EZ Borrow, you could have it in 3-5 days. Interlibrary loan might take a little longer since we do the searching, processing, etc. With EZ borrow, you logon, search a joint catalog, find an available copy and place the request.   Here's the information you'd need if you were to do ILL: Book	The bastard Author: Caldwell, Erskine, 1903-1987.; Mahon, Ty,Publication: New York, Heron Press 1929 i really appreciate this. i am not a student, and a beginner in computers. i wil go to my local ibrary and request it. if i get lucky, Penn State will end it out. thanks again! You're welcome.  If you are not affiliated with CMU, your local library will be able to do interlibrary loan for you. thanks again. have a nice day.  Thanks, You as well! 

Hi could I find this dissertation? Gold, E. (1998 or 1997?). The gamblerŠ—Ès fallacy [doctoral dissertation, Carnegie-Mellon University]. Dissertation Abstracts International, 58, 3950. hi It should be in our ProQuest Database called Dissertations and Thesis.  Just go to our CMU hompage, click on "Research Databases", then the D's, and search by either author or title. It is there.  here is a screenshot:   Were you able to locate it? Are you still here? thanks yes I got it thank you so much You are very welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist with today?

Hi there.  Hi! How may I help? I am Alex from BME department. I was wondering if there is a way to get access to ANSI documents I am interested in the ANSI Z136.3 Laser Safety Standards. Hold on one second while I look up information on standards available through us Sure Okay, I have found a research guide that our science and engineering librarians have put together on locating and finding standards. It is available here: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/c.php?g=284451&p=1895467 Let me see if we can pinpoint this specific one using the databases that we subscribe to. okay. That sounds promising.  Yes. Forgive me as this is not my specialty area :) If we can't find it, it may be worth reaching out to the liaison librarian to BME Is this a fairly new standard? No its been around for a couple of decades... Oh okay.  the latest version is from 2011 I believe It is the ANSI Z136 Laser Safety and I only need the chapter Z136.3 about Laser in healthcare.  I know where to get it for a couple hundred dollars.... http://webstore.ansi.org/RecordDetail.aspx?sku=ANSI+Z136.3-2011 Okay, yeah I can see that it is available for that as well.  I'm having issues seeing if we've already purchased this standard.  Me too :D  I think your best bet is to reach out to the BME Librarian to make sure. I can get you that person's info ok, sounds good Haha, yes! Okay our BME Librarian is Donna Beck and her contact info is here: http://library.cmu.edu/about/people/donna-beck Sorry about that, I'm just not the subject expert for standards haha It's fine. Thanks for your help.  You are welcome! Thanks for contacting us and have a great day :) You as well. 

Hi, hi  I am looking for a PhD dissertation by Chad Cummings in the Alan Russell group in Biomedical Engineering dept.  Do you know the year 2016 let me check one moment we don't seem to have a print copy but we can check http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 Dissertations & Theses at CMU--I am going to try to login now.... Dissertations & Theses is available via Library's Research Databases list http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=d I am not finding it...perhaps too new.  I suggest you check with the Biomedical Engineering dept directly OK thank you for the help let me check one more source ok no sorry not listed on Dissertations Express.  Hopefully the Biomedical Engineering dept can help you thanks again

Hi there Hello I am trying to find an article  It was published by Gartner Research? Any idea if we would have that at the CMU library? What is the name of the article you are looking for? Forecast: Enterprise IT Spending for the Government and Education Markets, Worldwide, 2013-2019, 3Q15 Update one moment please thank you!! appreciate your help I couldn't seem to find it using the search function Have you treid searching in the Gartner database found in CMU's list of research databases? No, I have not How can I do that? Just clicking databases in the Search and Find menu? Go to this link http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=g for the g databases Oh great! I did find the database, however I keep getting an error when I click on it? Gartner Core Research  But the page doesn't go anywhere Are you logging on from on campus or off campus? I am on campus maybe try to access the database again from the library home page... I am wondering if the link may be interfering ok I will try again Hmm it's still not working for me you can try contacting our business librarian Roye Werner, her contact info is: rwerner@cmu.edu and her phone number 412-2682453  are you your personal computer or a university computer? ok great, I'll try that I am on my personal laptop sometimes personal computers even on campus will make you go through the off-capmus proxy process which can be found here http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus ok great, I will try that as well thanks so much for your help! you're welcome! 

I am having trouble accessing an e-book.  what is title? Handbook of self-regulation of learning and performance ok let me check one moment possible that someone else may be accessing it...we allow 2 users at a time...but let me check further... More likely that it is a title that we need to remove from our catalog records So....I suggest that you request it via our Interlibrary Loan system: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting ok thank you University of PIttsburgh Hillman Library has print copy --another option for you Title: 	Handbook of self-regulation of learning and performance / edited by Barry J. Zimmerman, Dale H. Schunk.Publisher: 	New York, NY : Routledge, 2011.Physical Description: 	p. cm.LC Subject Heading(s): 	Self-culture --Handbooks, manuals, etc.	Motivation in education --Handbooks, manuals, etc.	Academic achievement --Handbooks, manuals, etc.	Metacognition --Handbooks, manuals, etc.		Location: 	Hillman Library - General CollectionCall Number: 	LC32 .H36 2011Status: 	Not Checked Out http://www.library.pitt.edu/special-borrower-card thanks

Hi, Can you help me to download this paper? Processes, information requirements and challenges associated with corrective maintenance in relation to indoor air problem related work orders http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-scopus_primary_3723195732 I am not able to find a link to download for that. Thanks! hi In the articles and more search, we may or may not have the item.  When you click on the Get Button (blue button) it will give you retrieval options. If there are no links to full text options, that may mean we don't have the item.   From what I can see, we don't have this so you 'll need to do an Interlibrary loan request for it. OK, thanks, I have submitted the interlibrary loan for it Great-you'll be notified when it's available. Can you check this link? http://www.scopus.com/record/display.uri?eid=2-s2.0-84893525496&origin=inward&txGid=0 There seems to be a download button, but I am not able to run it in my machine It seems to need some document download manager run.  I also had to switch to Firefox-wouldn't download in Chrome version I had. You know, I don't believe we have that one either.  It only downloaded an abstract as far as I can see.  I'd do an ILL for that one as well. OK, cool. Thanks! You're welcome!

Hey I am a CMU graduate student and I cannot find an availible copy of the paper 'An autoradiographic study of the organization of intrahippocampal association pathways in the ratŠ—¾'  hi I got to the lib web page 'http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-c830-ac124539e60b0e63502d1353d39bc17555538d4d3e0373fab800b00ca53d804d2' but it does not work once I clicked 'Get it @ CMU' thank you for looking into this! By the way, I am at school and on campus network now Let me check a few things. Thanks! We don't have this journal back that far (1978), so you'll need to do interlibrary loan.  Fill out a form, we'll find a library that has it and get you a copy. You'll want to use ILLiad on this page http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting If you've never done ILL before, you'll need to register, a quick and easy process (basic demographic info) thanks for the information! You're welcome!

Good morning.  I'm looking for a scientific illustration of Ammophila breviligulata (American Beach Grass).  How can I access your HIBD collection to see if one exists? one  moment The library you want is the Hunt Botanical Library. It is a part of Carnegie Mellon University but not part of the University Libraries. Here is the url for the library you need to contact them for access. http://www.huntbotanical.org/ Thank you! you are welcome I'm sorry ... just a bit confused:  http://huntbotanical.org/databases/show.php?3  Paragraph 3 seems to say it can be accessed through you?  Is that correct? you can search in CAMEO we do catalog some of their material. When I have tried that it eventually asks for an ID and password.  I have neither.  Is this only for students and researchers?  I'm just the general public. You should be able to search our catalog may I asked how you are accessing out catalog Online.  When I get to a citation it has a button that says: Get It @ CMU.  When I click on it it asks for an ID & password. unfortunately the get it button is only for CMU staff, faculty, students  I get it ... just kidding. It would be best if you contact the Hunt Botanical directly and talk with them Thank you.  Have a great day! You have one also

Is the ebook version of Wrigley, Population and History actually available? Let me check http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/170457 Record says available You can find e-books and their availability in our catalog, just like you would a book-see the libraries' homepage for catalog  http://www.library.cmu.edu/ ooops-just lie you would a print book! Right, but there's no clickable URL next to the Electronic Resource notice.  Just the the green Avaible notice. !!!!! You're right-there's no URL in the record at all (I just checked the "behind the scenes" info-let me look some more. Ok.  Thank you. Hi .....are you still there? Yes-still checking-I got a message you left conversation....I'm talking to head of cataloging now OK....I closed the wrong tab! Sorry.  I am still interested. no prob-just hang in there-will get info soon Turns out that the indication that it was available on the web should not have been in the record-it is currently being removed.  We may have had intentions of scanning it at one time via our various scanning projects, but someone probably noticed it's a 1969 book, and thus still under copyright-can't scan w/out copyright holder's permission, and at the time we were only scanning books we had that didn't require permissions. So sorry, e-book is not available, but there is a copy offsite that you can request since the other copy is checked out.  It should be here within 24 hours OK. Will do.  Thanks and goodbye. Thanks for asking about this-it allows us to clean up record so no one else will see dud link.  Have a good day.

Hi, I'm looking for information on the use of journaling in foreign langauge classrooms.  Hello! Are you interested in scholarly work on this topic--such as research papers?   yes need to find out the efficacy of the use of journaling in foreign language Okay--have you already looked in some library databases?  education database and the linguistics database What search terms have you tried? journaling foreign langauge classrooms journaling language teaching Okay--great.  Let me see what I can find and if I can come up with any additional strategies.  Is this something you've already come across? http://eric.ed.gov/?id=EJ1070645 Or perhaps this?  http://eric.ed.gov/?id=EJ1053742  I saw the second one but not the first. this is helpful thanks The search I did was this:  (journaling OR journal-keeping) AND ("foreign language" OR "language class" OR "language course" OR "language teaching" OR "language instruction") You might also try 'reflection' or 'self-reflection' as a term. I did the search in ERIC (http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/http://search.proquest.com/eric) but you could also try the same search in the Linguistics Database. I also found something titled "Journaling for Enhancement of Self-Direction in Language Learning" in Google Scholar--but its just a link to a PDF--no indication where it was published.

Hello. I'm interested in accessing the Standard and Poors Industry Surveys. Do you have a subscription to the latest versions?  I can check one moment http://www.netadvantage.standardandpoors.com/NASApp/NetAdvantage/loadIndustrySurvey.do?task=loadIndustriesPage have you already checked the database? I did not/  You can find Standard and Poors on our Databases list http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=s http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php Do I need to have a CMU domain or password to access? I am an alumn but don;t have this access.  Yes unfortunately you would need to have current CMU account but let me check other options for you...one moment I have 2 suggestions:  1.  Contact the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh to see if they have latest surveys:  http://www.carnegielibrary.org/research/business/databases.html 2. Contact our Business Librarian http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper Roye's contact info is on the link that I just forwarded to you http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper rwerner@andrew.cmu.edu Good ideas. I tried Carnegie but their subscription doesn't have surveys. I will try Roye. If I cannot access remotely, I presume you have print copies at Hunt. Is that right?  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/360021 |a CMU has access to the online version through a subscription to NetAdvantage. 590 			|a Volumes held: 1973-Apr. 2008. 1973-1999 weekly or monthly issues are kept in looseleaf binders, by industry, in offsite storage. Quarterly volumes are in offsite storage. 590 			|a Sections called Monthly Investment Review (Aug. 1996-Dec. 2000) are in Hunt Reference in pamphlet boxes with the other binders and volumes.   In other words, we have older issues at Hunt thru 2000 Got it. I can access the online versions within Hunt though.  Yes you can get a guest pass at main desk  to get electronic access OK. Are there certain hours to access? Do I ask at front desk or reference desk? front desk any hours that we are open (We no longer have a separate reference desk) http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/start/alumni/computing Hope this helps.  You have been very helpful. Thanks!

Hi, I'm having trouble obtaining access to the following paper: Copper biochemistry and molecular biology 1996  hi it said it's accessible through journals we have access to but the "article" links aren't working I'll try a ILL if you can't find it! :)  where did you start?  let me check I started at the CMU library search bar, chose "articles and journals"  Then there are 4 options that come up for "content is available in the following links"  ok .. good .. so when you click on it .. do you see where the link to access is located?  next to it it says (off-campus) http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-12443-fbf45de59374bc813f3e5100d38bc2be0872ab0828e8eacbf5ab3624f69338503 If you click on it, it will ask you to enter your Andrew ID if you are on your laptop or off-campus Yup. i got to that page. I'm already logged in.  Proquest then says: Your search for (ISSN(0002-9165) OR PUBALL(The American journal of clinical nutrition)) AND VOL(63) AND ISS(5) AND TI(Copper biochemistry "and" molecular biology) found 0 results. ok .. hold on .. let me try another route great. please use your magic lol .. ok .. if you go to our home page, under the search bar .. there's a link to the e-journals click on it and search for the journal "The American journal of clinical nutrition" ok.  click on the Health collection ..  on the bottom, you'll see "browse specific issues" do you see that?  you'll need to click on the + sign for the 1993-1999, go to 1996, find May I do. I went through. Found the article, and it links me back to the original page with the 4 links that don't work ok, hold urgh .. something is wrong with our resolver .. I'll report it .. do you want me to copy you when it is fixed? or do you want to put an ILL for it? Oh, if you want me to notify you, please give me your email .. thanks Uhm. I'll do an ILL  thanks Ok.  Will report it in any case .. I apologize for the inconvenience. Anything else I can help with? No, thanks though!  ok .. have a great day thanks, have a great day too! bye

Hello, does CMU have a subscription to Harper's Magazine? I'd like to read an article for a paper and there's a paywall. I'm having trouble finding it on the CMU Library website hi you can check eJournals for online .. let me get you that link .. I'll check for print http://library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals we also have it in print (in storage but you can recall it).  It goes back to 1912 - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/243483  I'm looking for an article from the April 2016 issue "Legalize it All" oh, then it should be online .. did you check the link I sent? Yes, but we don't seem to have anything more recent than February, unless I'm missing something let me check Thank you! are you sure april 2016, not 2015?  We're still in March... This is the link to the article, but I can't read it because of the paywall: https://harpers.org/archive/2016/04/legalize-it-all/ Like National Geographic, they put out the next month's issue during the current month hmmm..it looks like we stopped with 2015 .. if you provide me your email, I can follow up once I get to the bottom of this. Thank you very much. My email is aprichar@andrew.cmu.edu what is your name? Mandi Prichard I'm a Masters student at Heinz The april issue is in print on the 3rd floor Ah! Thank you! So we don't have an electronic subscription? no .. just the print .. and the library catalog shows that .. it just cuts off the 6 in 2016 .. so it looks confusing  gotcha. Thank you so much for your time! no problem .. anything else? That's all! great .. have a nice day

hi is someone there? Hi, yes, I'm here! hi!  im currently searching for a research article titled "Four-Year Follow-Up of a Meditation-Based Program for the Self-Regulation of Chronic Pain: Treatment Outcomes and Compliance." And found a link to it from the CMU database, however, there was no link to the actual pdf and content of the article  is there anyway to access the content?  let me check.  Not all of our databases provide links to full text.  If there is no full text right under the article, there is usually and Icon (sometimes called Get It, sometimes just called find html/pdf that you can click on to see if the full text is in another one of our databases. And if you don't see it, you can always go to our list of ejournals http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals to see if we have it.  This was the Clinical Journal of Pain, right?  No, don't see that we get that or have it full text in any of our databases.  So what you can do now is use our interlibrary loan service.  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting   Register, fill out a form and we'll find a library that has it and get a copy for you.  For journal articles be sure to use ILLiad...that's our interlibrary loan service.  thank you!! :D  filling out the form now You're welcome! :-)

I'm a new grad student trying to access scifinder, and I was wondering what my log in credentials should be because I've tried my CMU user ID and password and that hasn't worked. hi you should be able to use your andrew ID and password but I believe that you have to create an account with them ..  Do you need help on how to do that? yes, that would help ok .. go to the link for scifinder from Research Databases  ok, i'm there when you click on it .. you get a screen that asks you to log in, right? yes see "forgot my password"?  Click on it and give them your email and select a password .. they'll create a temporary one for you alone .. use that to log in ignore "user name" since you don't have one yet ..  just give them your email address it replied "Email not found. try another e-mail, or contact us for assistance" urgh.... ok .. hold on .. I'll get to the bottom of this :) ok .. still there? yes go here and you'll find instructions - https://scifinder.cas.org/scifinder/login?TYPE=33554433&REALMOID=06-b7b15cf0-642b-1005-963a-830c809fff21&GUID=&SMAUTHREASON=0&METHOD=GET&SMAGENTNAME=-SM-bsb6pf2hs6vPcSU6AFfOUKiKedVVSIv9wlaRq%2ff4fdAQ8pB1AuFxf1mxd2lQWnoD&TARGET=-SM-http%3a%2f%2fscifinder.cas.org%3a443%2fscifinder%2f  that keeps taking me to the sign in page can you please give me your email and name and I can follow up with this?  I need to contact IT .. sorry dsiroky@andrew.cmu.edu  I'm Daniel Siroky.  Thanks for working on this.   bye

Hello! Hope you can help me with a question. hi This is Prema Venkataraman hello! Hi Prema-how can I help you-this is Sue How do we get a thesis that is listed as Restricted Access. So sorry to hear about your mother. Is this listed in the Dissertations and Abstracts database, or did you see it somewhere else? Thanks Sue.  She suffered so much for the last 2 years that I am glad she is out of it.  Also got to see her 10days ago.  Thank you. My husband wanted it and I looked for it on the catalog.   can you give me author and title? Mechanistic studies of HF Adsorption on Alumina OK-let me check this out. Gillespie, A. R. 1997 I think interlibrary loan may be your only option.  This is at the bottom of the record at the University of Aukland: Restricted Item. Print thesis available in the University of Auckland Library or may be available through Interlibrary Loan. If your husband belongs to researchgate, (sort of like linked in, where you can post articles, etec.)  they seem to have a link to a PDF, but not sure how much is on there. Can we access researchgate or do you need subscription for that? PDF is what he would like  You just need to sign up.  I searched the title and basically it now says it will send an email to the author asking for the work. So it's not a PDF, they will send email to author: Do you want to send this request to the author? oh that will be fine.  And the best and easiest way to get the information. So do I click on the authors name for the email? let me just check worldcat to see if any us library has it.  As for clicking-I guess so, I've never done a request like that before either! No US library has this, only the University of Aukland and the University of New South Wales, so I'd go the author route. So I'd suggestjoinging Researchgate, search for the title, then when it asks if you want to sent the request via email to the author click yes.   Otherwise, your only option is ILL and of course we will do ILL with New Zealand. It will just take time. Ok thank you so much.   You're welcome, Prema. Take care. That was very helpful.  Could not have figured that one out myself. It wasn't a simple one! Bye! Bye, Prema!

Hi!  Hi how may I help you I am looking for an article for my research project and I cannot find it... The title is "The availability and variability of the European wind resource", the author is Landberg and it was published in the International Journal of Solar Energy in 1997. How can I get it? one moment let me check Thanks! I am stll checking  one moment almost there do you know what pages you need The best way to get this article is to request it through Interlibrary Loan http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting I am sorry - the journal is actually International Journal of Sustainable Energy, Volume 18, Pages 313-320, 1997 I will try the requesting link, thanks! okay

Greetings! Hi I am trying to access this article through the CMU system: http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3007226 I am having trouble locating it through the CMU portal Ok-give me some time and let me see what I can do! Thank you for your help! If I'm going about using the system in the wrong way, please let me know Uh...I hate to say it, but if you brought up one page, with a picture of the man, I think that's the whole article. It's basically announcing that he's giving the keynote address 9/30/2016 on BEYOND CODE: PROGRESSING FROM PLAIN TEXT TOBLOCKS BASED COMPUTING *Jens M’_nigResearch ExpertCommunications Design Group, SAP LabsHARC, Y Combinator Research The citation indicates it is one page 5-5 If you give me your email, I'll be happy to send it to you. Thank you for the information! I am trying to find where you're looking at that single page Your welcome!  Citation Oh-let me explain This is the other piece I am trying to find through the CMU system http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2844661 On your link, under the title, you'll see the icon for PDF-that is where the one page is. This is the same with the other link you sent-it is a 2 page article.  Clicking on the PDF icon under the title (left hand side) brings up the PDF of the article. Ah - this may be the source of my confusion. When I click on the PDF link, it just launches the same webpage again Ok-how are you getting to the citations? Are you using the ACM link from our pages or from a search on our website? ACM link from our pages, but I am off campus, connected via VPN Well, via VPN, you should be getting access. With VPN, did you select Library Resources? this page has more detailed instructions: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus If you don't use VPN, you should get prompted to login with your Andrew user ID and password. Yes, I'm on VPN and it auto logged me in I think I just got the links to work as you described, though I think the issue is that I loaded the pages before I was logged in After I refreshed the pages, it seems to have taken my credentials Oh...no..that won't work! You have to have authenticated somehow before you'll see the pages Excellent!! Makes a lot of sense... thanks for working with me on it Happy to hlep!! Have a good one! oops-help!! LOL! You aw well! :-) OK...I can't type! Have a great weekend! You too! Thx!

I use library.cmu.edu and was trying to get a pdf from Physics Letters B and the indication was I could purchase it.  That has not happened before.  I Emailed the issue to the library site and a reply indicated I should go through "Cameo" but I cannot find any link actually called "Cameo".  (I'm off site.) let me check Perhaps they were referring to these items: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/253410 http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/443719 Should I click on those now? Yes, these are records from the catalog that contain links to the online.  The last one I sent is Physics Letters B 1976-present. You'll see the link at the bottom of the record. Okay.  It got me to CAMEO.  I bookmarked it now.  But how come I couldn't find any link to CAMEO following my usual use of the library site? I'm not sure what you mean.  I went to the libraries' homepage, limited to books and other items (that is the library catalog, essentially) and typed in physics litters b I do that under "ejournals".  The journal comes up but when I get to the issue and article I'm interested in the only pdf download option that appears does so under a "Purchase" link. What issue or article are you interested in-we may not have all that you need electronically. NEUTRINO ASTRONOMY AND LEPTON CHARGEBy: GRIBOV, V; PONTECORVO, BPHYSICS LETTERS B   Volume: B 28   Issue: 7   Pages: 493-+   Published: 1969  This came up fine for me.  Are you on campus? and if not, did you not get a prompt to login and authentiate? If you send me your email addesss I can send it to you I'm off campus.  I got a login prompt when accessing the library site, used my andrew ID and pass word, but then got another login request next to the "Purchase" option as an alternative to purchase.  I did not login a second time because I figured a different login/pw was needed. When you found the article, did you look for a download link? No, it should have all worked for you once you logged in. When I found the article, it offered the PDF, which I clicked on and it opened right away. I'm at pk03@andrew.cmu.edu This has happened before and it was suggested that I use VPN, but I've never had to do that.  I download promiscuously so this "denial" was a shock. Article is on its way.  I'll report this to the Physics librarian-maybe he knows something.  Maybe just a one time fluke, esp. if you've never had problems before.  Thanks mucho.  Over and out. You're very welcome-enjoy!

Hey Hi I'm searching for this book to check if there is a reserved copy in any of our libraries Cryptography &amp; Network Security Principles and Practices william stallings but I don't find any can you help me out with that sure-can you tell me what clas this is for (number)? 14-741 thx! Just a sec okay Don't see any books on reserve for that class-here's the link for reserve books: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/reserves Now I'll check the catalog okay I don't know what edition you need, but we have an e-edition that's 2012.  I'll send you the record any edition is fine if there is a reserved copy or copy that can be issued so sorry-=e-book had same title, different author :-( The editions we do have are checked out  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/719556 but you could put a hold on them Here's a guide we have on finding textbooks http://guides.library.cmu.edu/textbooks I already gave a try, I thought I'll confirm with you once No problem-we're always glad to check for you there's also EZ Borrow or interlibrary loan can you do me a favor but you usually can't keep the book the whole semester Sure I ordered it through ezborrow already OK what favor do you need? and the status is being showed as shipped can you finout if they've received that? 10866759 I can't get into that information. You usually have pretty updated info on your EZ borrow account when was it shipped? Sep 7th It should be soon-do you knwo where it came from? You can give the circ desk a call and check on its status.  Usually we say 3-5 days (due to weekends) for delivery., so it should be soon.  Here's the # for the circ desk: +1 412 268 2444 but you will get an email when it's in. it says Printed At: UPITT hmmm well, no matter where it came from, should be here really soon,. today's the 4th day, and it usually takes 3-5. okay Thanks for all the information :) You're very welcome! Have a good day! :-) You too :) Thx! :-)

Hello! Is there a way to view a table of contents for a book  on the library website by any chance? Hi.  Some of our catalog records include tables of contents. If you're looking for a particular book, I could check other places as well.  If needed. Often the table of contents is available from the publisher ... for recent books especially. Unfortunately it's from 1975... http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/37738/Holdings#tabnav - the theory of environmental policy Let me see what I can do ... thank you Give me a couple of minutes ... Here's the second edition:  http://assets.cambridge.org/97805213/11120/toc/9780521311120_toc.pdf unfortunately checked out :| i was curious how closely chapter 11 in 1st ed matched 2nd ed. ah well, i think i'll just bite the bullet and come by and hope it matches thank you for your help! Sure ... I'm still digging for the table of contents for the 1975 edition - is that the 1st?  If I find it could I send it via email? yes, that's the first edition and i'll be here for a few more minutes while i'm wrapping up something else, so if you do find it, then i would be very grateful if you pass it along here I'm just not having any luck ... bummer.  Is our copy checked out? yeah oh, sorry, no, i'm going to come by now & get the 1st edition Oh good!   If it's a long way, I could possibly stop by Hunt and capture the Table of Contents on my phone camera and send it to you. I'll be leaving in ... maybe 20 minutes or so.

Hi, I have a question related to publication references, can I ask you? yes  how can I help? Thank you. The editor asked me to provide the city of some publicated books that I referred to  but I cannot find such information do you know any useful link of cmu library that can do such search? thanks The city for the publisher? Please supply the name of the city of publication for   Aki and Richards (2002), is their words yes, I suppose that refers to the city of publisher OK let me check.... and there are 4 such requests. but I found nothing of the city information online so the AKi & Richards was published by University Science Books?  I would just "google" each publisher for the city if you can't find that info in the actual book, so... do you think the actual book has that information? I just returned the book. if so, then I will borrow it again University Science Books, the city of publication--contact publisher:  http://www.uscibooks.com/ maybe Amazon will have that info...we can look...one moment... the link you sent is promising. let me look Is this the book:  Quantitative Seismology, 2nd Edition yes ok onto Amazon... http://www.amazon.com/Quantitative-Seismology-Keiiti-Aki/dp/1891389637/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1437420807&sr=8-1&keywords=Quantitative+Seismology#reader_1891389637 don't know if you will be able to open this link from Amazon i just opened it but I have another way to verify publisher where do you think is the city name of the publisher? Sausalito, CA but let me check one other source how did you find Sausalito CA? Title: 	Quantitative seismology /Author(s): 	Aki, Keiiti, 1930-2005. Richards, Paul G.,; 1943- Publication: 	Sausalito, Calif. : University Science Books,Edition: 2nd ed.Year: 	2002 address for University Science Books on verso of title page in Amazon's record.   Also just verified citation for 2nd edition of this book by checking WorldCat database :( in the link you sent? I still have not seen those words. I have searched the page I will try the worldcat  oh well you can "Look Inside" a book on Amazon.  So, when I looked inside I scrolled down to the page (verso) before Contents  It lists publisher and address on this page. and the citation that I sent to you came from WorldCat. Title: Quantitative seismology / Author(s): Aki, Keiiti, 1930-2005. Richards, Paul G.,; 1943- Publication: Sausalito, Calif. : University Science Books, Edition: 2nd ed. Year: 2002 uh ! I see got it. I think I can handle the rest now :) thank you very much good!  Best Wishes! bye

Hi, hi I am trying to download etext "Handbook of magnetism and advanced magnetic materials" by stuart Parkin from online. However when I click off-campus link, it comes up with a new page with no download option. Please let me know how to download this book Ok let me check one moment. have you tried the link via Springer publisher?    http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1749843 Does not look like our Wiley publisher access is working  but see if the link I provided works for you  No the books from wiley and springer are different. I am actually in need for the wiley's one ok let me check further  Yes this is a problem Wiley title that we apparently lost access to -- I notices this back in Nov. 2016.  We will need to purchase access.  Are you looking for particular pages that we can get to you in the meantime via our Interlibrary Loan system, ILLiad?  Let me see what your options are Handbook of Magnetism & Advanced Magnetic Materials--  $4,585--  This is the cost for us for this title.  I had been looking into discounts to purchase.   But I will speed up the purchase request based on your request.  If you want to email me your request in writing that might also help speed up the ordering process.  Donna Beck, Engineering Librarian, donnab@andrew.cmu.edu Thanks. I will email you.

Hi Hello I would like to know if any CMU library has copies of Harvard Business review on file I mean printed copies of an issue. I know I can access some articles online, but I am looking for one that is not available through ebscohost.com We do have access from 1922 to the present in electronic format, but let me check on print. Oh, that's way. I am looking for a 1990 article. Thank you why* Use the e-Journals list on the library's home page.  That will guide you to it. http://xx4ay4fv5x.search.serialssolutions.com/?genre=article&issn=&title=Harvard%20Business%20School%20Cases&volume=&issue=&date=19900701&atitle=Perceptual%20Mapping%3A%20A%20Manager%27s%20Guide.&spage=1&pages=1-11&sid=EBSCO:Business%20Source%20Premier&au=Dolan,%20Robert%20J. There is a get it a CMU full text, but no link to the file Also, the Hunt Library has back to 1922 in print on the 3rd floor. oh ok Thank you Let me check out your link. Ah ... you're looking for a Harvard Business School Case.  That's a different thing. Yes. I had not realized that. Sorry. Is there a way to access it only, or a printed copy at a CMU library? online* I'm checking.  Let me see if I can catch Roye Werner in her office. Thank you If your professor has provided it, it will be available via him/her.  I'm going to forward you to Roye now ...  :-) No, unfortunately this is something I am researching on my ow. Thanks own* Hi there - Roye here -  Hi Roye Let me take a look at that link - just a minute I am trying to access a Business School Case, but cannot find it. Oh ok. Thank you Got it.  Yes, it s true that Harvard doesn't allow libraries to distribute its case studies.  The only way to get them is through your class, if your professor has assigned them - or else to purchase them directly from the site - https://hbr.org/product/a/an/590121-PDF-ENG however, if this is something that you are researching, and would be willing to use another research source, we'll be glad to help Thank you. I did find a couple of other articles available on HBR, but was confused as why this one was not But I understand that this is a case and not an article now Thanks a lot for your help! exactly.  Google Scholar has a number of articles on perceptual mapping also. you're very welcome ok. I will contact you again in case I need additional help thnaks agian please do - either here or email rwerner@andrew.cmu.edu Thank you. Have a good rest of the day You too!

Hi. I was wondering how to access journal impact factor stats (specifically, for psychology journals, if that matters). Thanks! Hi We have "the" library tool for that.  It's called "Journal Citation Reports.  You can find it in our Databases A to Z listing. On our library home page, look for "Research Databases." Just under the big blue "Everything" search box. ok... Let me know if you need help locating the database.  Can you give me a journal title that you want to check? So I'm at the Sign In for that. Should I just use my cmu login info? If it asks for one ... are you off campus? right, I'm off-campus now/ Yes, andrew id and password. It's not accepting my andrew id/pwd. (or my full cmu email address). Hmm ... that's not good.  Our computing services folks can likely help with that.  How many titles do you want to check for their impact factor.  I could look some up for you. I was able to VPN to get in. Good.  It should work with that.  Computing Services would be 412-268-4357 (for getting the proxy server to work for remote access). thanks for your help. Are you able to look up the journals and get their IF? yes. not 100% intuitive, but figured it out :-) Great.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today? I understand! nope. thanks again! have a good day. All kinds of measures for journals now too.

hello? i'm looking for information about borrowing some audio recording equipment how can I help you? i need to record some voiceovers for a research project do you guys have audio recording equipment on loan? Le me check. thanks Here is what is available  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/techlending  i'm not sure what is required to use these audio mics do i need some special hardware to do recording with it You need to check with Computer Services for that.  ok but you guys also have these audio recorders too it seems can i get a mic and an audio recorder? Those are in the list. alright cool so if i drop by now to get it, i have to return it tomorrow at 2 PM? is that how this works? You need to check with Circulation unit on that. That is where you will get the items.  who/where is that? In Hunt Library first fl. thanks do they have a phone number? 412-268-2444 ok i'll call them thanks

Hello? hi I am looking for the Information Networking Institute MS thesis archive The INI web page says that all theses are archived at the library Are they available online? Well, I don't think we have a special place for that-do you have a particular title?  Most of our thesis are offsite.  Many are available online via databases. If you go to our A-Z database page (I'll send link) and go to "D" you'll see the Dissertations and Abstracts @ Carnegie Mellon. It was the thesis completed by Gregor W. Kronenberger http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=d just a sec and I can check for you. Once research is complete, students present and defend their project work and conclusions to an audience of their peers and faculty. Work culminates in a written technical report or thesis that is published and archived in the library. Students may find reports from previous classes in the Engineering and Science Library in Wean Hall. From http://www.ini.cmu.edu/current_students/grad_project/ There seem to be just 3 MS theses in the CMU dissertation archive I checked both our catalog (which would list any offsite), and also the Diss & These @CMU database, and there isn't one by that name.  I should say that while we ask dept's and students to give us a copy of their dthesis, if they don't give us a copy, we won't have a copy.  Likewise, if they don't submit a copy to UMI,  then there won't be copy in the database Hmm Is this a very recent one? Do you also only retrieve 3 MS theses from CMU? Yes, December 2014 Well, that's not so recent.  I don't understand what you mean by 3 MS theses from CMU. http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 University/institution: Exact("Carnegie Mellon University") Manuscript type: [X] Master's theses Ah-I see The query returns just 3 theses It seems that the departments do not automatically archive the theses with the library :( OK, well, that sort of answers my question Thank you for your help The department probably has a copy.  Most of the material in the Diss and Thesis db are PhD dissertations, not necessarily master's thesis.  The same with paper-most of what we have in the library are dissertations. Let me try a few things. ok Sorry, didn't find anything-was hoping he had a webpage or something.  The only thing I can suggest is contacting the department and seeing if they have a copy. Yes, will do, thank you You're welcome.  Sorry we could not provide what you needed. This is a difficult task. No worries :) bye

Hi. How should I go about placing a hold on the library site? Hi One moment.  Let me locate a book that is checked out so that I can guide you through step by step.  Ok? Ok, thank you. Okay, if you're looking at a list of search results ... Click on the title of the book that indicates that it is checked out ... the one that you want. Oh I'm sorry that I wasn't clear. The situation is that a librarian told me to hold a book that appears as available on the catalog because she couldn't locate it. Ah! In that case we'll need the Circulation Desk staff to place the hold.  We can't place a hold on something that is not technically checked out.  Can you send me the URL for the book from the catalog? When you have the full record up ... it will just be the URL URL for the catalog record. http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1382208/Holdings#tabnav Inside cyber warfare correct? yes Could I have your andrew id?  I'll take the book record and your id to the Circulation desk here in Sorrells and see if they can place the hold for you.  Also, I'll check the shelf before that.  It's .... maybe 40 feet from my office. My andrew ID is karleunt Okay ... you may find a copy at our SEI Library as well.  If I find the book I'll email you and have them hold it at the desk for you. Ok. Thank you very much! You're welcome.  Anything else for now? This is Matt Marsteller by the way ... a librarian in the Sorrells Library. Are you still there?  I found it on the shelf and I'll leave it for you at the Circulation Desk in the Sorrells Library (Wean Hall, 4th Floor).  Okay?

where can I read the whole report? Hi! Can you give me more information on the report you are trying to access? CompaniesandMarkets.com News: Global voice biometrics market players Nok Nok Labs and AGNITiO launch the first ever FIDO ready voice biometrics products for the above report, I only see the abstraction and can not see where can I download or read the whole article Okay, thanks for that information. Are you finding this result in a database from the library's website? from my school library's website, and it redirects me to proquest site from cmu school library's website Ahh I see. I think I have found it as well. Sometimes the "full text" results within some of the ProQuest results are a bit tricky. In this case this looks to be a post from a blog that has been provided through ProQuest. This is often the case with market research reports in ProQuest as well. They end up being advertisements for the reports or in this case a blog, but the actual report is not available. It is more of a press release announcing it in a way. Are you with the Tepper School by chance? yes Okay, are you interested in the biometrics market? yes, i am interested in voice biometrics market  Okay, I can lead you to some comparable resources that we have that may yield some helpful results. great, thank you so much I am the business librarian by the way. My name is Ryan Splenda :) my pleasure! nice to meet you. thank you for your help Nice to meet you as well :) Okay, so I have created a research guide on Market Research that can be accessed here: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch On this page are all of the resources that we have that may be helpful. Since you are looking at biometrics, I would suggest the following databases for reports: BCC Research and Frost & Sullivan for sure. There is a possibility that something might show up within Gartner and IBISWorld, but it may be a bit leaner than the previosu two mentioned For example, I did a quick search in BCC Research and found a report called "Biometrics: Technologies and Global Markets" that may be of interest You can fully download the reports in most of these resources, except for Frost & Sullivan (unfortunately we only have read-only access to their content). BUT, if you find a report of interest and want the PDF, I have a way of getting those for you. yes, I find lots of article there. thank you so much so bcc % frost &amp; You are welcome! my name is henry. Thank you for your kindness.  Pleasure to meet you, Henry! And it's my pleasure. Also if all else fails, consider the trade publication route. Many times industry professionals will publish articles on niche industries, products and services, and company info in these publications for other industry professionals. The main resource to consider for this is: Business Source Complete (also located on that guide under the "News sources on markets, industries" section) understand Awesome! Is there anything else that I can help with today? no, thank you for your time and kindness. You are most welcome! Good luck with everything :) If you need to reach me again, my email is rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu great! have a good day. byebye! Bye! :)

One of the on-line resources I've been tapping that CMU doesn't seem to possess has an "OpenAccess" link, acknowledging CMU, but asking for an ID and password.  My Andrew/library ID/pw doesn't work. hi which resources is that? Treatise on Geochemistry (2nd ed).  Multiple volumes, each with multiple chapters.  Each says I can purchase a copy (thank$) or go through my institution's "OpenAccess".  I've been using ILLIAD but if I can get direct access, it's much more efficient. It is possible that we have a subscription to the resource but not that particular item.  Let me check. ok http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/B9780080959757006148 we have this on science direct .. but at a different link Please direct me It seems that we only have access to the first edition - http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/referenceworks/9780080437514  No good.  Am I stuck routing through ILLIAD then? wait I found the second edition ..  here - http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/referenceworks/9780080983004 does this work? I'll try it.  It's still asking me for ID/password hmm.. you're off campus? Way off.  California. try going to science direct (under research databases) and search by title ..  Do I have to use VPN? I don't think so .. though we're experiencing problems with CAMEO ... so we have to find other ways to access some items Thanks.  I'll try the "research databases" route.  (End of chat.) here's the link to the database .. let me know if you are able to or not http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/journals sorry use the book browser - http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/bookbshsrw  update ... I just double checked .. we do not have rights to this book .. I'll let our sciences librarian know (Diane Covington) her email is dianec@andrew.cmu.edu, if you wish to recommend the purchase yourself Say "hi" to Diane for me.  Paul J. Karol Great .. will do .. enjoy the warm/er weather in the mean while. There would be limited interest in this outside of me, so it's not a justifiable library expense.  (I'm a Republican.) ah .. ok .. well .. ILL then :) Bye

Hi, I'm trying to find some source materials about the Westinghouse Plant in East Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.   I tried a search of Westinghouse Electric, East Pittsburgh, PA, but it did not provide any info specifically about the East Pittsburgh location. hi Are you a student at CMU? I'm a staff member but am taking a history course currently. What type of source material are you looking for?  We don't have any at CMU. I might be using the wrong term.  I'm looking for books/articles about the plant, specifically, the one in East Pgh.  I think it was the first plant that Westinghouse established. I'm writing a paper about the borough of East Pittsburgh and the role the WEstinghouse played during that time in history. Oh-that's totally different from source material, in the history world.  Source material is often meant as archival material...original sources from the day. I was using the wrong term.  Sorry. No problem...actually Pitt has some "source" material-e.g. http://digital.library.pitt.edu/cgi-bin/f/findaid/findaid-idx?type=simple;c=ascead;view=text;subview=outline;didno=US-PPiU-ais198916 Let me look at some databases and make a recommendation There are very few articles in our prime history database "America: History and Life."   Using the Dissertations and Theses databases got me a much more, 221 hits,  with the keywords East pittsburgh and westinghouse in the advanced search.  You could make this more relevant by limiting the terms to abstract, perhaps. Many would have the full text right there.  It's really difficult to find articles on really local history, such as East Pittsburgh (that's why they sometimes make good dissertation topics!) Could you send me the link for the dissertations/theses database?  Would I have access to it? Both databases I mentioned are listed on our Database page.  go the the libraries' homepage, and click on Search and Find and you'll see the link for Research Databases. I am finding it difficult to find info, outside of jubilee, biecentennial, and other events that East Pittsburgh celebrated and had a "book" made for distribution to the community folks.  I was fortunate enough to get a loan of that from a former EP resident. Yes, those are the things people tend to write about.  OK, thanks very much for your help with this.  Much appreciated.   Sadly, we don't have an online database of Pittsburgh Newspapers, other than the Pittsburgh Courier (an African American newspaper, but still may be helpful) Here is a guide that may help you as well: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/pittsburgh I can get some info on archived papers via the Post-Gazette's web sit.  I really appreciate your "leg work" here--it should prove helpful.  You've given me some great leads. Good! Glad to help! If East Pgh has a local Carnegie Library, they may be a good source as well. I'm going to email this chat to myself so I have the sources. Sadly, I don't think EP ever had a Carnegie Library; if they did, it is no longer there.  But I think there is one in the area that may have some info about EP.  Have a great day and thank you again. And those 2 articles in America: History and life may also have bibliographies that can lead to other sources. You're very welcome! Have a nice day  :) You, too! :-)

Hi there. Do you know if I can reserve an ipad for next week? Or do I need to come check it out in person? Hi Let me check out policies and see Thanks http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/techlending Devices are available on a first-come, first served basis. Booking does not guarantee availability. What does it mean to "book" something, then? I'm not really sure!! I found that confusing as well!  Let me check Thanks :) Here's the Ipads that are available in Hunt Library.  Hint-more seem to be available on 4th floor than on first.  I'm going to call someone about that booking thing-I don't even see where that is possible!!! http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1481936 Thanks How edifying-booking is for the multimedia stuff (cameras, etc.,) not the Ipads.  So you could go in and reserve a camera, say, if it's checked out.  But it's not guaranteed since we can't make someone bring it back on time.  But Ipads are just first come, first serve.  And the link I gave you will show availability. I can't believe there will be a run on Ipads next week, so with so many available now, looks like you should (no guarantees), should be OK. If 90% were checked out, might be a different story. And there are even more Ipads available at the E&S library http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1451192 The COAC (design career fair) is next week, so I'm thinking ipads will be a popular item to show of portfolios. If I checked one out today, will it be due end of day next Friday? Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I see. Ipads have 7 day loan period http://www.library.cmu.edu/taxonomy/term/200/viewdtl that page tells which are available, how long you can borrow, etc. Right. I'm wondering if day 1 of that 7-day loan period would start today or if it would start tomorrow if I checked it out today. Note the Hunt and 4th floors are iPad Retina Display (4th generation), E&S iPad 2 if that affects display. I believe it would start when you check it out. I can check. That would be great. Thanks. I would need it until end of day next Friday, so I don't want to check it out too early. Loan period would run until 11:59pm next Friday. And that's no matter what time you check it out today, it's due next Friday before midnight. Sweeeet! Thanks so much! You're welcome!  Smart thinking, there, with the Ipad! Check it out, get used to it-have a great display, get a wonderful job, give a nice donation to the Libraries (LOL!!! haha. Now you're thinking! ;) Thanks so much for your help. Hope you have a great day! You're very welcome! :-)  Have a great day as well! 

Hi How are you? Hi How can I help you today? I am looking for a report "Big Data and Telecom Analytics Market: Business Case, Market Analysis & Forecasts 2014 - 2019"  Okay ... we have access to some market materials.  Let's hope this is one of them.  May I ask where you came across this? one moment please when i google the title, it shows a lot of links which directly linked to the purchasing pages if you have some links available, I can find it. Which sources do 'you have? Yes, market research firms are kind of famous for that.  Then they charge huge amounts of money.  I have at least come across a news item at:  http://search.proquest.com/docview/1440311464?OpenUrlRefId=info:xri/sid:summon alright, and am i eligible to access the link above? it says i have to log in It might prompt you for your andrew id and password.  If you search from the library's home page using an "Everything" search, it will show up in your "Articles & More" results. Unfortunately, it's a very expensive report that we don't own, but there may be very similar literature out there - I could give you some ideas on where to look. I would strongly recommend looking at our Business & Economics Librarian's "Industries" guide at:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries I just got some interesting results in the Frost & Sullivan database that she mentions on her guide by simply searching for "big data" (with the quotes). Frost & Sullivan will have full text of similar reports. Wow thank you very much I will look them up!!! Roye is amazing and her guides are rather helpful. Thank you very much! i just clicked the link and found a lot of market reports I sincerely appreciate your help regarding my request I'm hoping that you find some great stuff to review. yes and this will be definitely helpful for my research! thank you very much for your time  You're welcome!  Glad to help. Have a wonderful day!! U 2!  :-)

hi Hi I'm checking to see if we (CMU student and faculty) have access to this report http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/collaborative-robot-market-194541294.html besides using the "search everything" function on the website, is there other ways I can search? Sorry, we don't.  It's not exactly cheap-$5,000-8,000, depending on what license you get.  That's the problem with these market research reports on the web, so expensive only businesses can afford them.  I'll send you alternatives next Are you in a Tepper class? If so, which one? I was in a Tepper class "Marketing Project 45-937". Now the class is finished, but I continue working with the professor in this project to do further market research. no problem.  Here sorry-that got away from me Here's a guide that the business librarian prepared on Market research, with the databases that are best for that kind of research.  You may not easily get to these particular resources when you do the kind of "search everything.":http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch The databases in Industry overviews might be the most helpful Do I need to go into each of the database to do the search? or there is a place that I can search all the databases at once? No, you can't search them all at once since they are from different db producers, have different interfaces, etc. Reading the descriptions may help you decide which ones to go into. Also, in some of the "bibliographic databases" (have articles, not data), like Businesss Source Premier, you may find synopsis or information from the market research report you first asked about. oh ok. Thank you for your help! I will look through these databases. I just did a search on "collaborative robots" forecast* and market* in Business source premier and got this: Collaborative robot report predicts 'phenomenal' growth. The article reports on the report "Global Material Handling Cobots Market by End-user, Application and Region-Analysis and Outlook 2016-2022," which expects a phenomenal growth for materials handling collaborative robots (cobots) in the industrial manufacturing. where is "Business source premier"? It's on our db list.  All the dbs listed on the guide, too, are in our db list.  Go to homepage, Search and Find, Research Databases, "b" for Business source premier. You can also sort all our dbs by subjects.   You might also consider the keyword "cobots." Lastly, you can always make an app't with the business librarian, Ryan Splenda. ah-ha, found it. Thank you! Let me try several of these databases to see what I can find. You're very welcome!

Hello hello how may I help you I am looking for the doctoral thesis "Structure property relationships of nitride superlattice hard coatings prepared by pulsed laser deposition" can you help me? how can I get that material? yes let me check to see where you can get it. one moment If you are a cmu person you can get the full text from our dissertaitons database by Proquest just go to the library homepage at search.libary.cmu.edu and under  "Search and Find" select research databases and then Dissertations and Theses @ Carnegie Mellon then you can search the title and get the full text. I hope this helps but if I am not a CMU  person then you  can  to this website and purchase a copy http://www.proquest.com/products-services/dissertations/ oh thank you if you a person at another institution check with them you may be able to get a copy free. check with their library I will do that, thanks okay have a nice day

hi there - i am getting 'no results' for an article, "interdisciplinary research as a form of research," published in the Journal of the Society of Research Administrators, V13, Fall 1981. I used advanced search, but I never know whether 'no results' means 'we don't have it,' or 'you don't know how to search for things.' Can you help? Thanks. Hi. Let me try to search by just the journal name in our list of e-journals and then in the catalog.  One moment. thanks So far, our access to the online version of the journal doesn't go back quite that far in time.  Let me check for print in the catalog. OK We seem to only have it back to 1983 in print, so Interlibrary Loan might be your best bet.  If time is of the essence, we could check at Pitt for it (and hope it's not in storage). OK, thanks. Time is of the essence (of course) and, also, I am traveling so only a scanned version would be useful. That sounds kind of improbable, but if you would like to check, that would be wonderful.  And actually, if they do have it, I would love a copy of the whole issue, not just that one article ... (she said, shooting for the moon) One moment. From what I can see, Pitt has it on microform in the Hillman Library. How might I be able to get a copy of it?  You would have to visit in person.  Hopefully the Hillman Library would have the machines necessary to read/print the microformat. Or, Interlibrary Loan might be best. How should I go about doing that? I have a couple of books from them, but I don't know that I've requested something in microformat. You would have to visit Pitt's Hillman Library in person.  If you use Interlibrary Loan, you would likely receive the article via email. I'd like to do the Interlibrary Loan. Do I do that through you, or can I do it myself?  You can do that yourself.  I'll send you the link to sign up for a free account - and the vast number of ILLs are no cost to you. That's great, thanks. Perfect.  The system you want to use for this request is ILLiad (on the left):  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting OK, thanks so much for your help!  Wish me luck.  It will be a great service for you.  Anything else?

hi, do you have an electronic copy of this book: Diffusion MRI: From Quantitative Measurement to In vivo Neuroanatomy hi dited by Heidi Johansen-Berg, Timothy E.J. Behrens let me check ..  thanks We do not have it electronically or otherwise...let me see what libraries might have it thanks a lot hmmm...system slow .. plz hold on sure, do not worry Pitt has an e-copy .. you can view it at Hillman (need your Andrew ID) ...  still looking for a print .. have you used EZborrow before? http://library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request e-copy is perfect. can you tell me how to access it you just need your CMU ID.  Go to Hillman Lending, ask for a day pass to use e-resources.  Look up the title in their library catalog (PITTCat) and click on the link.  If you end up opting to get print, you can search EZborrow for copies and it will let you know where you can get a print copy, and it will deliver to CMU library Here's the PITTCat record: Title:	Diffusion MRI [electronic resource] : from quantitative measurement to in-vivo neuroanatomy / edited by Heidi Johansen-Berg and Timothy E.J. Behrens.Edition:	2nd ed.Publisher:	Amsterdam : Elsevier Science, c2014.Physical Description:	1 online resource.LC Subject Heading(s):	Brain --Magnetic resonance imaging.Neuroanatomy.Diffusion magnetic resonance imaging.Medical Subject Heading(s):	Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging --methods.Internet Address:	http://pitt.idm.oclc.org/login?url=http://site.ebrary.com/lib/pitt/docDetail.action?docID=10815306Click for Web Access:	Pitt users please click through to access via ebrary.Location:	Available OnlineOrder Information:	1 Copy Received as of 06/01/20151 Copy Received as of 05/04/2016 hello? hi, thanks I got acces to PITT's online copy? yes. oh, you're already there?  I thought you needed a PITT Login :) I click in the link you gave me. I am connected to the PITT eduroam web, so I guess that is giving me access. ah .. good to know :) anything else? may I ask a quick question?  Are you logged into eduroam with your Andrew ID on our campus or at Pitt? at Pitt ah .. good to know .. I'll try that when I am on their campus .. thanks

Hi, I am trying to access an article from the journal Water resources research20  1     1984-01-01Title: Nonparametric tests for trend in water qualityAuthor: van Belle, Gerald Hi Let me see if we have that publication I wasn't able to find it on the CMU data base, but when I asked for interlibrary loan, they said it was under CAMEO, but I haven't been able to figure out how access CAMEO Ah okay. Let's see if we can clear this up for you Is the article from 1984? yes Okay, we only have electronic access to this journal from 1996-present, but let me see if we have it in physical form Thank you! You are welcome. Just a couple of minutes Still looking around, but it looks like we don't have the print format of the journal so far Would you be able to help me get an interlibrary loan, or help find another way to access it? I think I may have found it! I think our electronic access is wrong Can I walk you through how to get this? yes! that would be awesome! Great. First start at www.library.cmu.edu Then select the "eJournals" link under the blue search bar done great, now type in the name of the journal "water resources research" You should get a result that has a link that says "from 1996 to present in Wiley-Blackwell......" click on that link (this is where the error is on our end because it looks like we actually have access from 1965 - Present) done Great! Were you taken to the jounrnal's homepage? yes If so, select the section that says "Issues" under the title near the top done Great, now click "More" to get to older issues Then look for the year 1984 (which is Volume 20) done, and I have clicked on the specific article in issue 1 and am just waiting to see if I can access the PDF Okay great. You should be able to get it from there. I have it, thank you so much for your help! You are very welcome! That's basivally how to search for a specific article using the ejournals link basically* cool, thank you! You are very welcome Anything else I can help you with today? thats it, have a good day! You have a great day as well :) Thanks for contacting us

Hi! I'm trying to access this article from National Law Journal, but having trouble figuring out how: http://www.nationallawjournal.com/id=900005560643/Amicus-Briefs-Are-Ammo-for-Supreme-Court-Gun-Case?slreturn=20170223202352Š—  good morning Are you able to help me locate how I can access it? Good morning! sure .. did you look at our e-journals? I found the LexisNexis access and couldn't get to it via there and I did a general search I'm not sure if I was in the right spot for e-journals ah .. I see I just looked and we don't subscribe to it, so it wouldn't be in eJournals .. HOWEVER ...  let me do some checking hello? Yes ok .. so the journal is at PITT let me get you the information ..  Title:	National law review (Philadelphia, Pa.)The national law review.Publisher:	[Philadelphia : Kay & Brother, 1888]Physical Description:	1 v. : ill. ; 23 cm.LC Subject Heading(s):	Law --United States --Periodicals.Internet Address:	http://pitt.idm.oclc.org/login?url=http://www.heinonline.org/HOL/Index?index=journals/nlawrv&collection=journalsClick for Web Access:	Access via HeinOnline for Pitt affiliated users only.Location:	Law Library Periodical Collection Non-circulating I am going to check our Hein Online database before you go there .. hold on ok .. we do not have it ..  Let me get you the law library number .. you should call before you go to ask about their access policy ..  the link you sent requires a pitt id i have a guest library card for pitt - can I access online? It may be easier to borrow via ILLiad no .. you cannot access online with a guest card .. you have to be present in their library .. but I don't think the law library follows the same rules .. do you want their reference phone number? Or do you want to borrow via ILLiad?  it depends on how rushed you are to get it I guess ILLiad ok .. if you change your mind .. here's their number 412) 648-1330 i was hoping to cite it for a draft today, but do you think I will get it by Thursday? you used ILLiad before? i used the one where i request something not the one where a librarian does it for me not sure .. if you place it today you should be able to .. seeing that they can get it emailed from PITT .. if you want to be sure, I'd call Barco Law Library and ask if you can access online at that library or .. do you know anyone at Pitt? no here's a record with the journal info [use the OCLC number in your ILLiad request .. it helps] Title:	The national law review.Publication:	[Philadelphia : Kay & Brother,Year:	1888Frequency:	Monthly (except Aug.)Description:	Vol. 1, no. 1 (Jan. 1888)-v. 1, no. 11 (Dec. 1888).; 1 v. : ill. ; 23 cm.Language:	EnglishStandard No:	LCCN: 37-8056SUBJECT(S)Descriptor:	Law -- United States -- Periodicals. Droit -- ’_tats-Unis -- P’©riodiques. Droit. Law. Genre/Form:	P’©riodique ’©lectronique (Descripteur de forme) Ressource Internet (Descripteur de forme) Periodicals. Geographic:	’_tats-Unis. United States. Note(s):	Title from caption.Class Descriptors:	LC: K14Other Titles:	National law review (Philadelphia, Pa.)Material Type:	Periodical (per)Document Type:	SerialEntry:	19750920Update:	20150418Accession No:	OCLC: 1641076 that's the last number Thansks sure .. anything else I can try to help with? No that's all thanks ok, have a great day you too

I am trying to locate a book by Carol Albright which is a culimination of different articles about Italian American Immigrants.  I was with my instructor yesterday and she pulled it up, I cannot find it now.  Could you help me? Hi Sure-are you sure of the author's name-Carol Albright, and sure of the spelling? Also, she sent me some links, but they won't work.  Here are a couple: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-c576-24b2bbed14012a2d92b45ea3a565f1362e526d88c44db5d2a375596da64d8a4d2 YEs that is the correct spelling. OK-just a minute, let me look for some things. Here's a book we have by Carol Albright and others: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1015343 Title is American Women, Italian Style.  I know she pulled it up on her computer, can't get it now. She actually sent me the link via the library site: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-a46787-f7e1dcd0a39018e1040cec27beed1346dce9d09f22bf6210471ac121f6e2dff53  But when I click on it, there is an error message. OK-let me check something else Came up for me ;-) OK, so how can I get to the TOC to see what article/s or chapter/s I would want?? I see, this is an article on a book we probably don't have.  I believe on our homepage she searched "everything," which would pull up articles (they appear on the right side of the screen) and books we have (they appear on the left hand side of the screen). And it's actually an e-book It's an e-book to which we have access Duhh, I was able to get to the TOC, sorry.  So I can print what I want since its an e-book, right?? Well you didn't tell me that!!!  Yes, you should be able to get to the text of the book-where it says download. The big problem might be authentication,  Are you on campus? Yep, I'm in Baker Hall.  I work in the Psych Dept. are you on a laptop or a PC with   CMU IP address? I'm on a Mac computer.  Do you have a hard copy of the book?  Would save a lot of paper? No, we don't have it in paper, but you could get it via EZ Borrow in 3-5 days.  If you wait a sec, I can see if it's in a local library (Pitt or CLP) where you could walk to and get. That would be wonderful--thanks so much! No, sorry, not many have the paper and no one nearby.  I mean, you could still do ILL for the paper. Put in a request, and it comes in in about a week.  Do you need to read the whole book or just a chapter?  You can read the e-book online or download it (and save/print) I need it this weekend to work on a paper for a class.  But that's a good idea--I will download it and save it and read it on line.  Thanks so much--much appreciated.  You've been a great help.  One last thing--could you tell me what search words I could use on Cameo to find more of this kind of info?  Italian immigrants (women) in particular Sure-just a minute let me try some keywords Italian American women (this is a really specific search)  My instructor use quotation marks and plus signs and came up with a bunch of stuff. italian immigration  (broader search, but you'll still get relevant info. Even though women may not be in the title, chapters, etc. may deal with them) quotation marks around two words will get you that exact phrase.  OK, so that makes sense.  And the + sign would be all the words you do a search on?  Sounds, great--thanks very much for your help and time.  Hope you have a great day. You can also click on the subject headings that are listed on the record, and these will bring up similar abooks You're welcome! Glad to help! Signing off now--thanks again! You're welcome-have a great day! :-)

Hi there, I'm working for the CIRP at CMU and I'm trying to access a book online (the pdf version I believe) on SpringerLink, which is included as a database on the library resources page.  However, when I try to open it, it says I do not have access to it.  Is there any way you could help me view it? It could be a huge help to the research.  hi Can you give me the title? It's called International Historical Statistics, by B.R. Mitchell I'm checking into our Springerlink subscription. It may be that we don't get all in the  database. If not, is there any way we could make a special request for it? We do have the Int'l historical stats in paper if that helps.  And of course we can consider an online purchase if Springerlink permits purchasing of a single title. I think that could help.  How do we get the paper version? Is it available in Hunt library? Sorry, everyone that might know about content of our springerlink contract is not answering their phones. Yes-I'll send you the call number and titles of what's in Hunt-the vols. (Europe, Americas, Asia) are in the Hunt Library reference room. Great! We'll head over and get it once we have the call number Just a second-we have several editions, and want to get the one in the library, not offsite The Americas: HA175 .M55 2007 Africa, Asia and Oceania  HA4675 .M552 2007	 europe HA1107 .M5 2007 All are in the Reference room on the 1st floor of Hunt (instead of going to the very visible cafe-bear to the right and you'll see the book shelves of the reference room) Thanks! It would still be best to get access to the PDFs eventually if possible, so let me know if any progress is made on that front. My email is mdively@andrew.cmu.edu If I find out anything I will email you. Great! Thanks again! You're welcome! As an FYI-if you are dealing with the Americas, we have the this online: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1015231 Also, the gov't has scanned older editions of the Statistical Abstract of the US-may contain some international statistics as well: http://www.census.gov/library/publications/time-series/statistical_abstracts.html

Hi, if an electronic book is available through the library what is the process of getting a hard copy if necessary? hi it depends .. sometimes the book is only available electronically .. do you have a title? so I can check our library catalog? Power Magnetic Devices: A Multi-Objective Design ApproachAnalysis of Electric Machinery and Drive Systems) If you already did that and found nothing, then the next step is to borrow from another library Analysis of Electric Machinery and Drive Systems is the second title, sorry You can either try EZ-Borrow  - http://library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request ok, let me check on the titles .. hold please thanks the first title is an eBook in our library .. go to the link above, and use the second set of numbers on your CMU ID to log in and search.  It will give you options, and you can see who has the print, order it and it will be sent to CMU Do that while I check the second title if you would Both are only ebooks from our library .. any luck on the other title from EZ borrow? it looks like other schools offer them as ebooks only too Ok, you can also check WorldCat to see if there are print editions .. if so, you can order a copy via ILLiad (we'll need an OCLC number).  Let me check both titles .. hold plz  Ok, it look like the univ of pittsburgh has a print copy .. let me check their catalog (this is for "Analysis of Electric Machinery and Drive Systems") also Carnegie Public Library Location 	Library 	Local Holdings 	Code US,PA	CARNEGIE LIBR OF PITTSBURGH		CPL  US,PA	DREXEL UNIV		DXU  US,PA	GANNON UNIV, NASH LIBR		PGU  US,PA	PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIV		UPM  US,PA	POINT PARK UNIV		PTP  US,PA	UNIV OF PITTSBURGH		PIT   okay, thank you!  if we get a book from Pitt does it have to be returned here's the OCLC number - 50737300 put that in your ILLiad request (and be sure to indicate print only in the note) - unless you want to pick up yourself .. I'll get you the call number ok .. for some reason the public library and pitt records don't show the print .. so it is best to order using ILLiad and let them do the searching There's a print copy for the first title "Power..." and here's the WorldCat record number - OCLC: 855209476 But not owned locally so you'll need to use ILLiad Okay, thank you so much for all of your help!   sorry I couldn't do more .. do you need help with the ILLiad system? You were great help!  I'll see if they really need hard copies, if so I'll be in touch if I need help with Illiad- so many resources!  Thanks again my pleasure .. have a great weekend

I'm looking for a piece of choral music, and I'm unsure how to search the music library.   The piece is Heavenly Light by Alexander Kopylov Hello! Just a moment while I see what I can find. First, let me point you to this research guide put together by our music librarian.  This might help you find music through a number of sources:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/music  I'm going to see if I can find this in our catalog or one of the music databases.  Just a moment! kind thanks Are you looking for a score or audio recording? looking for the score Okay--just a moment. so I think I've found it on WorldCat but I can't figure out how to access it Do you have that link? oh here's the link http://www.worldcat.org/title/heavenly-light-chorus-for-mixed-voices-a-cappella/oclc/17883377?ht=edition&amp;referer=br perhaps this is interlibrary loan only? This particular version would be an interlibrary loan, as it doesn't appear we have it. It's possible that the score is accessible through a database we have access to, but it will take me some time to look into this, as music is not my expertise!   You can also contact our music librarian directly for help.  Her name is Kristen Heath and her email address is kheath@andrew.cmu.edu. This page of the research guide provides sources for scores online:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/music/scores many thanks Let us know if we can be of further assistance.  After a little more searching, it does appear that this will be interlibrary loan request.   If you need help with making that request, just let me know. thanks for all your help

Hello, I have a problem with the CMU ID card number linked to my Andrew account, which prevents me from easily logging into the Library website. Hello. Hi! Are you trying to log into your Cameo account or to use library databases? This is to log onto the library website to view checked out items, e.g. to renew them. You should be able to use your Andrew ID and pin.  Yes, when I enter my andrew ID (cdellin), it brings me to a library screen which says "cannot log you in at this time", and has fields for my CMU ID number and PIN, and the CMU ID number that is initially filled in is incorrect. If I get to this page and fix the CMU ID number to be correct, then it allows me to log in correctly. So I think that my andrew account is not linked to the correct CMU ID number somehow. What is your name? Chris Dellin, andrew id cdellin Just a second Thanks! What is the ID number you are using? My correct CMU ID number is 810171944 It seems like it's trying to use 820171257 instead, which doesn't work That is the number on your library record. But the 820 number is showing as a previous ID. So what you are saying is that the catalog is somehow overriding your correct log in? Yes, I believe 820 was a previous CMU ID that I had prior to 2012, before I rejoined as a student in 2014 When I try to log on with my andrew ID, it fails, and the form is pre-filled with the 820 number Here's an idea. Why don't you try the old login 820171257 and use 1257 as the pin. (Unless that is what is failing...) Sure Let me try that now When I try to use the 820 number with that PIN, I get the same failure message: "We cannot log you in at this time. Please try again later." Once I try the 810 number, I can log in successfully. It does allow you to type in a new number? Yes, the screen it sends me to after I enter my Andrew login looks like a library login page, with fields for "Carnegie Mellon ID" and "PIN" The fields are pre-filled with the old 820 number Here is a screenshot of the page I see after I enter my andrew login details: http://dellin.net/box/library-login-fail.png Note that it is pre-filled with the old 820 ID number At which point have you tried with your NEW 810 number? At this screen? Yes, if I enter the new 810 number here, and the new PIN, then I can log in successfully So it isn't really a problem, I can use everything, it's just annoying that I have to get my ID card out every time (-: OK. I understand. It does the same thing for me -- but my ID number works! Out of curiosity have you cleared your cache or tried a different browser?  Yes, I've tried different browsers on different computers as well. It is indeed annoying. I can ask someone how to reset that login info -- would you like me to email you? Yes, please! I appreciate it Again, it isn't urgent -- it's been like this for a while now OK. I will see what I can find out. Thank you so much! You are welcome.

Hi Hi I am looking for a book but having a hard time finding it Ok-what information do you have? title/author? Title is: comparative issues in the governance of research biobanks Are you there? I'm here-thought you left! We don't have it.  Pitt does, but Is there anyway to get it from Pitt? but it's an e-book.  You'd need to go down there, get a guest id  and read online Or, what you could do is interlibrary loan Fill out a form, we'll find a copy for you and borrow it for you ok, just have two quetsions Sure- How long would it take if I fill out the form today? and As a postdoctoral fellow, how long would I be able to keep the book? probably a few days to a week. All depends on workload at both libraries, if book is avialable, etc.  Also, if they have paper copy. I think loan period varies by library, but usually at least 3 weeks, and you usually can renew. Great. Now would you be able to help in filling the form? I am new and not familiar with CMU system Sure-it's easy.  You'll need to register if you've never done ILL before-you'll want to use the ILLiad system-I'll send you the link http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting oh-actually for a book, use EZ Borrow.  You'll do the searching in a joint library catalog, find an available copy and place the request yourself.  Faster than ILL since you do the searching, placing the request. Takes 3-5 fdays Here's all the publication info if you do decide to do ILL: Title:	Comparative issues in the governance of research biobanks : property, privacy, intellectual property, and the role of technology / Giovanni Pascuzzi, Umberto Izzo, Matteo Macilotti, editors.Publisher:	Berlin ; Heidelberg : Springer, [2013] The EZ system says: authentication failed It doesn't let me login You're a CMU person?  What did you login with? it asks for Patron ID, so I entered 9 digit id on my CMU card Ok, that should have done it.  I just did mine and got in fine. Try again-maybe a typo? I tried 3 times. nope, doesnt work oh....you may have to talk to someone at Circ about that. Let me check and see if the title is in there anyway-just a sec thank you You'll need to do ILL anyway-the titles in EZ Borrow are all e-books and one can't lend/borrow e-books. I see So the ILL system is free, right? yes! Great. I will fill out the form now. Awesome!  You'll be notified when it is available. Alright, rquested it online. Thank you so much for your help :-) You're very welcome! have a great day! :-) You have a wonderful weekend Thx! I plan to!

Hi there. Can you tell me if there is any way I can add books to the book bag so you could pick them out for me so I can pick them up? Hi No, Sorry, that is not a service we provide. OK, do you also offer research services? in particular in social theory on labour? Please define exactly what you mean by research services.  We have subject librarians who can help you with your research topics-suggesting databases, helping with search strategies, etc., that kind of thing. (What do I fill out in the research consultation form?) right, so do you suggest books tht are relevant? or only how to search? We will help you do searches to find relevant material.  Part of research is deciding what works for your topic. What department are you with? I teach in the HCII and is that what you need help with (I'm trying to decide which librarian would be most helpful). right, of course we are starting a research project on professional identity development in online labour markets Let me check something-just a minute please thank you! The librarian for that is Jillian Chisnell jillianc@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 6330 oh, thank you! You're welcome!

Hello. How do I have access to this journal online through this link (http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/253703)? Hi Let me take a look at the link that you sent... You should see "Online Access: Access via AMS (2005-present) as you scan down the page.  That's an active link. Got it. Thanks. Glad to help. Anything else? Yes. I want the volume before the year of 2005. However, there are only volumes after 2005. Ah!  We should have the journal in print in the Sorrells Library. I can look quickly to make sure if you'd like. Yes. hold on. I am looking for two papers. Okay ... The first one is "Reeves, R. I. "Variational Solutions for Two Nonlinear Boundary-Value Problems for Diffusion with Concentration-Dependent Coefficients." Quarterly of Applied Mathematics 33, no. 3 (1975): 291-95."  The second one is " D.A. Tarzia, An inequality for the coe´ŒÛcient r of the free boundary s’çt’_ Î_ 2r´ŒÛ´ŒÛtpof the Neumann solution for thetwo-phase Stefan problem, Quart. Appl. Math. 39 (1981) 491Š—–497." Thanks. One moment and I'll make sure the journal is actually there for you. Yes, both volumes are definitely here and your information appears to be correct. We have a walk-up scanner for you to use.  I'll have to look into digital availability of AMS journal backfiles. That would be great if digital ones are available. Thanks. Hopefully they have them available for us to purchase. That's a long-term effort though. I see. Hmm ... doesn't look promising.  Hopefully they're thinking about it. May I ask where the location of these paper-based journal is? The Sorrells Engineering & Science Library is on the 4th floor of Wean Hall. I only see "SHELVED BY TITLE." I mean where they are in the Sorrells Engineering & Science library. Yes, shelved in the "Q"'s of the journals. Back into the library and to the left. If you're headed this way, I could show you. Got it. Great!  Our front desk staff should be helpful as well. When the library is close today? 9 pm Thanks. If I cannot find them, I definitely will stop by the information desk there. You have a good day. U 2!  Always glad to help.

Hi could you help me find a journal, please? What is the journal title? Reflections Let me check. http://reflectionsjournal.net/ That's the website of the journal and Carnegie Mellon is listed as an institutional subscriber but I can't figure out how to access it Go to the Library page http://www.library.cmu.edu/ click on ejournals and search Reflections and it will retrieve the journal title. Are you sure that's the right one? Two journals come up but neither appears to be the one I'm searching for Please provide the title of the article and author and volume. Here is the information about the journal 	ReflectionsISSN:	1524-1734Publisher Information:	SoL North AmericaOne Broadway14th FloorCambridge MA 02142United States of AmericaBibliographic Records:	08/01/1999 to presentFull Text:	08/01/1999 to presentPublication Type:	Academic JournalSubjects:	Organizational StudiesDescription:	Articles on knowledge, learning, and change.Publisher URL:	http://www.solonline.orgFrequency:	10 Right, that's not the one I'm looking for.  This one is published by New City Community Press That is the only one CMU has subscription. http://reflectionsjournal.net/subscribe/institutional-support/ CMU is listed as an institutional subscriber there Our records does not indicate that.  Please  use our interlibrary loan service http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting to get the item. I'll have to contact the journal.  Thank you for the help.

Hi, I was wondering if I could get help on some research I'm doing! Hi! How may I help? So I'm doing my thesis on fixed exchange rate regimes, and part of my thesis specifically centers on EDA of those countries before and after either fixing the values of their currency or dollarizing. I was able to find the list of countries that currently are in those regimes via the IMF's report, but I have been looking everywhere and am struggling to find the years that these countries change over from floating exchange rates to fixed exchange rates I was wondering if there is a certain place I should be looking? Okay, sounds like some interesting research that you are working on Are you, by chance, a  Tepper student? Yes, I am! Wonderful! My name is Ryan and I am the liaison librarian to the Tepper School. Pleasure to meet you :) Awesome!! Nice to meet you too :) My name is Vaasavi. :) So, you were able to find the list of countries that changed to fixed exchange rates in an IMF report? And you need to figure out when they changed over? Yeah, I was. If you'd like, I can either link you the report itself, or send you over the list of countries That would be great! I was going to ask about the IMF report and if I can see it. http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/nft/2014/areaers/ar2014.pdf I'm thinking that there may not be a one-stop solution to finding out this information. Page four is what I'm using; specifically looking at exchange rate anchors but stopping at the stabilized arrangement; crawling peg is not what I want Okay. Have you found that the fixed exchange rate is set up or determined by a larger body or organization? Or is this done more on an individual government basis? Forgive me, this isn't exactly my area of expertise :) It depends. So the bolded acronyms are names of currency unions--those would be larger bodies that determine the fixed rates. Otherwise, it happens on an individual government basis And no worries, it's not even my thesis advisor's expertise haha Okay, lol. Well I would probably have to do some additional digging into this myself. I would imagine that some of the places to consider this type of information are the IMF (which you have identified). I'm wondering if there would be some information from the World Bank's perspective as well Would it be possible for us to meet sometime to further go over this? I would really appreciate that! When would be best for you? And I'll look into the World Bank some more; the IMF has a dataset (I think) but it's stuck behind a paywall Okay, that's good to know. Just an FYI, we have the International Financial Statistics of the IMF listed on our research databases list through the library. I can't remember if we have backdoor access to some of the data sets that you are interested in, but it may be worth taking a look at that as well. Here is our listing: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?q=international%20financial%20statistics Okay, I was looking for that but I don't think I was able to find it. Thanks for the link! Were you accessing the IMF outside of the library? you are welcome! Yeah, I was; I was in NOLA for spring break so I was trying to get some work done in the mornings before my friends woke up lol In terms of meeting up. I have consultation hours over at Tepper tomorrow from 2-4PM if you'd like to stop during that time? Completely understand, haha Yeah, I can do that. I'm free between 2 and 3:30. Where should I meet you? Great! I have a little table that I set up at near Simon Auditorium Kind of close to where that little area is for people to sit outside  Okay, cool. I have it in my gcal! Good deal. Pleasure talking with you, and looking forward to seeing you tomorrow! Thank you! See you tomorrow! :) You are welcome

hi anyone there? hi i am a cmu  student What can I do for you? I want to access jstor  and other scholarly journals do i just search for them here in the search bar  or do i go to jstor directly with my anrew id? hi? If you go to our homepage www.library.cmu.edu and look under Search and Find you 'll see a link to Research Databases.  You'll get an alphabetical list of all the databases we have, which you can sort in different ways. Anything else I can help you with? I have to leave. There are other librarians on chat if you have additional questions (you'll need to start a new chat session).  Have a good day!!

Hi, Hi How can I help you today? How I can retrieve by Orchid ID and Research ID, I am not sure if I ever completed the information. Thanks In what way are you trying to retrieve info using those id's?  Are you in a particular database or did you want to check out a particular person's ORCID id? I am requested to enter those IDs in my annual report for the Chemistry Department. Also, I know some people include them in their CVs. I see.  Have you established either of them for yourself yet? That I do not remember. I believe I did some work but I believe never finished. I'll try to look you up, can you pass your name my way.  Here is my ORCID:  http://orcid.org/0000-0001-6278-3424 Matthew,  My name is Gloria L. Silva. I believe I met you before in some meeting/committee on campus.. Hi Gloria!  Let me see what I can find.  I'll be back with you as soon as I can. I looked at your picture and no, its not you the person I met before. Thanks for your help. Hi Gloria.  I was able to find an ORCID for a Gloria Silva, but nothing is public.  So all that I can see is:  http://orcid.org/0000-0002-0763-8096 Perhaps you could try to login to your ORCID account?  If not, they will have a way to look up your user id an password. I assume I created a password that I do not remember it. I have tried looking for your Researcher ID, but I'm coming up empty on that.  Here is a page where you can request a Researcher ID:  http://www.researcherid.com/Home.action I got the password to my ORCID account and I can see that I have a lot to complete in my site. I think I did not make it public because I was doubtful on how the information would be used. If I make it fully public, who can access? (general public, mostly researchers, etc.) Anyone could see it, but typically only other researchers/funders would be interested.  When you look at your home page, your Researcher ID is usually listed if you have linked it to your ORCID.  See under "other id's."  If you haven't set it up yet, it's fairly quick to do so. Thanks Matthew. I will take care of this soon. Happy Holidays! Thank you!  In the long run, the ID's will help you out.  Let me know if you ever want to talk about them. Happy Holidays!

hi i'm interested in borrowing George Orwell's novel 1984 in audiobook format.   I found this entry, but i'm wondering, is this in a cassette tape format?  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/308234 Hi! Let me take a look at the record you have identieid identified* Okay, looking at the description of this record, it looks like this is a collection of 2 cassette tapes I can check to see if we have other formats Ok, that would be great!    No problem! Are you a current CMU affiliate? I have a CMU staff position in CIT Perfect! Okay, it looks like we don't have this available as an audiobook Would the print version work by chance? I can also check to see if the public library has it in audiobook format Are you still there? The Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh has multiple copies at different branches of 1984 in audiobook format. Here is their website: http://www.carnegielibrary.org/

Hello! I had a question about borrowing the following book: "A Practical Introduction to Hardware/Software Codesign" (2010) HI! WHAT IS YOUR QUESTION Sorry accidentally hit all caps No worries, I figured that was probably it :) Looking on the catalog, there are three different versions of this (1 ebook, 2 book chapters) The book in question is actually a full textbook, however, so I'm not sure if they contain the full book The eBook has a DOI lookup as an external link, but the link leads to an error page So I'm not sure how to proceed  Okay, are you specifically looking at the 2010 version? Yes I should probably mention that I am off campus right now, and not using the library VPN Which might change the eBook access Okay. You should still be able to access it even off campus through ez proxy Were you asked to log in with your Andrew ID and password at some point when trying to access? I was not-- I'm logged in at the moment to my email/Blackboard, so I didn't need to log in when I was putting books on hold? And no log in prompts came after that I see.  Did you try and access it through the library's catalog, or through your blackboard site? through the library catalog Okay. That is a little weird because I was able to click on the DOI link through the library's catalog and got right into the eBook May I ask which DOI link you were using? Or which edition of the eBook Sure! I selected the link to the 2010 edition of the book and clicked on the DOI link under the word "Internet" Oh! Thank you very much. That link was working What should have happened though is that once you click on that link from off-campus, you should have to log in with your Andrew ID and CMU password as a verification mechanism before gaining access Interesting! Let me try the other link to see Let me see if I can find where the broken link was in case you need it Thanks, that would be great! I just tried the other link in that record and it worked too. Maybe just a temporary glitch? Hopefully so! I clearly remember getting an "Incorrect DOI" error page though so I'm thinking there is probably a typo somewhere Interesting.  Let us know if you run into that again sometime...we can fix that :) I'm not sure if this is an error or not, but the address after Link in this entry requires an iLibrary login, and I wasn't able to find CMU institutional access:  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-a20440-3836ca74928425a6cc22a6b78db0a124f4faf556c3c2b217dc09cd4f86cbf3903 Sorry for the poorly formatted link No worries! This looks like a result from the Articles and More option instead of the Books option In this case the "Link" section does not work, but the "Full Text" link next to "Get It @ CMU" does After a redirect of course haha Fair enough! Interesting though, I can let our tech people know. Thanks for reporting this! I'm trying to remember what it was that I had searched previously, but I don't want to take up more of your time No worries at all. It may have been a result from an "Everything" search too, which searches both books and articles If I find the broken link, should I just submit it to one of the emails given? on the Ask Us page? That would work well, and then we can forward it to the appropriate people for fixing :) Oh! I found the error page, anyway: http://dx.doi.org.proxy.library.cmu.edu/10.1007/9781461437376 Hmm...I can't seem to see what this DOI is for though I'm going through my history now to see if I can figure out what redirected to it Okay Would it be okay to send that link to one of our email addresses with a short explanation? I have to attend a meeting. Sorry! No worries! Yes, I can do that Sorry to hold you up! No worries at all! Thanks again for contacting us :)

Hi, this is Geonu Kim, a phd candidate of MSE. I want to ask questions about requesting items. Now I research contact lens materials, and find that "Contact lens practice" (3rd edition, Author: Nathan Efron) is a great book for me. How can I request this item? Should I use ILLiad or E-Z Borrow? Hi Geonu! Thanks for contacting us with your question You have already double-checked to make sure that we don't have this book already? Okay, I have checked our holdings and it looks like we do not have it E-Z Borrow would potentially get you the book faster as it searches Pennsylvania institutions for this book You would log into E-Z Borrow, search for the book, and place the request This can be done here: http://library.cmu.edu/using/requesting ILLiad would take a little longer because we would do the searching for you across the country and try to get the book to you that way You would also log into ILLiad, fill out a form with citation information for the book and place the request that way The same link has ILLiad information Are you still there, Geonu? Additionally, you may want to reach out to the Liaison Librarian for MSE to see if she could possibly add the book to our collection. Her name is Donna Beck, and her contact info is here: http://library.cmu.edu/about/people/donna-beck Hi I am here okay If E-Z borrow does not work. I will contact with her  Sounds good THanks for contacting us!

Hello Hi, how can I help you? I am Karandeep Bajaj and will be joining CMU this fall Great to hear! I wanted to ask about the book borrowing process I'm a MSE student So for example I want to borrow "Concurrency: State Models and Java Programs" by Magee and Kramer  So can you tell me the process ? Sure, are you on the Pittsburgh campus or at the Silicon Valley Campus? Pittsburgh Okay, are you able to find the record for the book in our catalog? Yes Great, the record indicates that this book is in our Engineering & Science Library.  That's the Sorrell's Engineering & Science Library on the fourth floor of Wean Hall. Our printed books are all in one area within the library... ok You'll use the call number "QA76.642 .M34 2006" to find the book on the shelf. Then, you can take the book to the front service desk and they'll check it out to you.  If you're not in the system yet, they can put you in the system. okay Here is some general information about borrowing and renewing that I think will help:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/who okay thanks Just few more questions Sure! How many books at a time ? 100 ? As a graduate student, yes ... it's 100 at a time. Most people borrow far fewer items, but for doctoral students ... well, we don't want anything to slow them down. okay makes sense For how long can i keep a book? It's important to note that a borrowed book is subject to a recall if the person had had it for one week and someone else needs to use it. 90 days ? That's correct.  You get one online renewal. For a total of 180 days.  Then we make sure you can actually still locate it by asking you to bring it back. If nobody else has a hold on it, the process can start again for 180 days. Suppose I have loaned a book and after a week somebody else also requests a book. So in that case i need to return it ASAP or after 90 days ? Current course textbooks are a problem though.  We try to keep a copy or two to circulate within the library, but that's all.  We really try to collect in digital format now - that goes for all science & engineering books. You'd need to return it as soon as practical. You could place a hold on it as well - getting it back in about a week and a half. If a book is too popular, we will explore getting a second print copy or, more preferably, a digital version. Your best person to reach out to with a problem like that will be your liaison librarian. See:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/expert How does a student get to read a digital version of a book ? Help me out ... MSE ... would that be part of the ECE Department, SCS ... or Heinz College these days? MSE is a part of SCS Okay ... your liaison librarian is Jillian Chisnell Miller. To get a digital version of a book ... Many will be found in our catalog via our library's main web site. However, the world of e-books is kind of messy right now ... So, you'll also want to use our"Articles & More" search to e-books that are available to you ... Plus, some might be identified in the research database known as JSTOR. If you're uncertain, feel free to ask us via whatever means is most convenient.  See:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/help/ask ok sure thanks Have a great day Glad to help.  U 2!

Hello, I'm a PhD student in the CEE department, we need some guideline documents for research, namely, ASHRAE guideline 1.1 2007. Can you get it for us? one moment Thanks. the document is this one http://www.techstreet.com/ashrae/products/1573306?utm_source=promotion&utm_medium=landingpage&utm_campaign=86628&utm_term=86628&utm_content=86628&ashrae_auth_token= we have several I am checking to see about this one. one moment Great, take your time please send your request to sciref@andrew.cmu.edu  and we will order it  and have it sent to you.   Will do. Thank you! you are welcome One more document, can you help me check if you have this? Library of system control strategies (AG 7/98) Thanks, The link is https://www.bsria.co.uk/information-membership/bookshop/publication/library-of-system-control-strategies/ If not, I will include this in the email as well. The link we need is the techstreet link But feel free to all the information that you can in the email free to *include bsria.co.uk is the only link I can find for the second document. I will have it in the email Thanks Oh okay, perfect! 

Hi Mr. Ryan I had a question regarding my economics research Hello! May I ask who this is first? My name is Shaan Sharma im a freshman  is this ryan splenda Hello Shaan...good to meet you Yes this is he, although I'm not always on here all the time...just an FYI oh okay How can I help? I am researching labor economics in my free time and interest rates. not models but im researching and trying to make theory i wanted to know whether you could help me in refining the work if you are an expert in economics and also the publishing processes and how to create a work that is worthy of publishing I can definitely help with trying to find relevant information on your topic. You may have to talk with some economics advisors on the publishing process I've never published in economics, but can lead you to some top tier journals within that discipline Would you maybe like to set up a time when we can meet in person to talk about this more? sure would today evening work? Today is a bit tight for me. Would you have time tomorrow morning or on Wednesdat by chance? tomorrow morning works Great! I have some time between 9-10:30AM how about 11:00 oh okay I have a meeting from 10:30-11:30 and another one at 12 i can come by at 9:30 where would we meet Okay that works well. Would it be okay to meet in my office at 109C Hunt Library? Can I have your email address so that I can set up a calendar invite? Are you still there Shaan? yes sorry sure shantans@andrew.cmu.edu see you tomorrow at 9:30am at 109C at Hunt Library Okay great! I will send the calendar invite after this sure thanks looking forward No problem! Have a great evening you too Will do :)

Hi. I'm looking for a recent book. Wanted to know if we have any online version. ok Handbook of Media Economics, vol 1A Simon Anderson, Dec 2015 or so If we do, it would be in the catalog just like the paper book, but I will check for you. and also Handbook of Media Economics, vol 1B We don't have any version/edition of Handbook of Media Economics Is there any chance to find it on another affiliated library? I checked Pitt as well, they don'thave it either.  You can either use interlibrary loan or EZ Borrow to get a copy. Let me know if you need a link to the page for ILL and/or EZ Borrow ? Sorry, I don't get this interlibrary loan-you fill out a form and we find a copy of the book for you EZ Borrow-you search a joint catalog (after loggin in with your 9 digit CMU ID #) and find an available copy, place a request, and the book comes in in 3-5 days This is how you can get items CMU doesn't have and when no local library has them Can you give me links to that? http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting ok I submitted for ILL When can I get an answer if you guys found the book? Excellent-they will notifiy you when the book is available for you to pick up. It usually takes about 5-7 days Depends where we have to go to get it (mailing) as well as the amount of requests at each library.  Your request goes on the bottom of our pile, then on the bottom of lending library.  You can see progress/process in your ILLiad account. OK Just want to know if the book is available somewhere... if it's not, I'll have to see how to get it How does CMU decides which books to buy? Usually a book is available "somewhere."  If you use the Worldcat database (on our homepage, under search and find, research databases) Each department/school on campus has a librarian who is responsible for buying books, answering in depth research questions, teaching classes on important resources in that field, etc.  if you tell me what dept./school you are in, I'll send you the name of your librarian and you can suggest a title to that person. I'm in the Department of Engineering and Public Policy Well you are in luck-I am your librarian, Sue Collins.  Epp acutally has 2, one for the engineering part (Lynn Berard), and I do the policy, etc. part. This 2 vols set is $259 dollars-do you want paper or e-version?

good morning hello I am looking for a colleague's PhD thesis and was wondering where  could find a copy is it a CMU thesis? yes it is You can check in the database Proquest...let me give you the link...one moment.. http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 So the database Proquest is available from Library home page listed under  Research Databases you can also get to this by going to the Research Databases, A-Z Databases listing and find:  Dissertations & Theses @ Carnegie Mellon University We also have older dissertations in print and on microfiche.  You can look up author/title in our Library's catalog http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced ok, i will look through this OK let me know if you want to provide me author/title, I can help look... The author is Erica D Cochran and the title of the thesis is The Impact of School Building Physical Characteristics and NeighborhoodAttributes on Student Performance and Health ok do you happen to know the year? I am not finding it--perhaps it is very recent?  Let me look further.... 2014 thesis  I cannot find it either is it possible that the person did not publish it? Hmm might want to check with the dept http://soa.cmu.edu/cbpd/   or you can email our Architecture Librarian Martin Aurand: ma1f@andrew.cmu.edu perhaps Martin would know offhand if these are published ok! sounds good thank you for the help ok hold on one moment might have another idea talking to Martin ok he is telling me that like all dissertations, up to student if they want to publish but I want to look in our Institutional Repository as well...one moment http://repository.cmu.edu/ She was the advisor on this one but I can't find hers!  http://repository.cmu.edu/theses/56/ Ya i am finding the same theses I will ask in the dept,appreciate your effort  ok good luck!

Hi, my name is Alex I am doing a research project for my English class 76-101 and am having difficultly finding articles on a particular subject.  hi alex This is Ethan .. what are you looking for? I am looking for anything arguing that Shakespeare is over analyzed but specifically that the Witches in Macbeth are, I am not sure if books or articles on this topic just dont exist or I'm doing something wrong well .. which section is this? who is your instructor?  this will help me figure out what the focus of the class is My professor is Bowman I am in section F it is about Macbeth  One of the issues you have is that your "topic" is not really a topic or a question per se .. to figure out this, you'd have to "count" how much has been written .. I just don't know that someone would write a scholarly article about this. Have you run this across professor Bowman?  To see if you could approach it differently? For example, I can certainly help you find articles that analyzed Macbeth one thing you might be able to do is to see if all the analysis centers around the same theme .. but that's going to be a huge topic for the purpose of your class (since you have to exhaust everything out there). Yeah I understand, I talked to her but havent told her yet that I can't find articles to support my claim yet, I might need to adjust it, I was looking for evidence to support it isnt of just cite a bunch of arguments that do what I'm arguing against  But yeah I understand not a lot people would argue against analyzing it I was just hoping I was searching wrong  Ok, but what are you building your argument on?  Why do you think that it has been over analyzed?  What evidence or research do you have from what you've read? We have course readings for our class by Bloom and Bristol for example that make their own argument by using the Witches and their importance in Macbeth, but stretch it a lot, I'm arguing that by doing this they are taking away from the actual meaning of Macbeth  But so far my arguments center around showing how these other authors stretch meanings and over analyze things to support their own claims, I would like something that supports my claim as well ah .. ok .. now we're getting somewhere ..  A better approach would be to look at how it is analyzed and see if there are other authors argued their representations ah ok  so .. what databases have you used? Can I continue this disscussion over email?  Just the libraries search  oh .. you need to check out Literature Research Online hold on .. let me get you a link ....  Alex .. where'd you go? ah .. there you are .. here's the link - http://go.galegroup.com/ps/start.do?p=LitRC&u=cmu_main&authCount=1  do you have time to come and chat about your research in the next couple of days? we can do this much faster in the office I'm still here I apologize, I unfortunately have a 1:30 class, yes I do that would be great Absolutely, when is a good time for you  tomorrow? after one pm or before 10 am? Tomorrow I am free from 10:30-2 and 4-5:20 I am on campus as early as 7:30 after 1pm - 2 would be great are you able to make it at 11 a.m.?  I am not available after 4 ... Yeah 11 is fine  Great .. do you know where my office is? Nope 109B Hunt Library .. next to the GCC .. but if you don't .. just have them call me from the lending desk and I'll come and get you Ok great thank you so much, see you tomorrow  ok .. see you tomorrow :)

I need to borrow the book Hi  QA279 .F435 2014 Okay, let me take a look, one moment please  QA279 .F435 2014Optimal Design for Nonlinear Response Models, Okay, I have the record in front of me.  Were you able to find it at Sorrells Library? No at sci &amp; engineering library at CMU Can I reserve this book online? And pick it up later today? Okay, as you have no doubt noticed, we recently moved most of the book collection to offsite storage.  I looked up the checkout history of the book, and based on recent checkouts it should have remained at Sorrells.  Many books there still need to be unpacked from boxes to be placed on the bottom shelf of the stacks there.  Best bet is that it is in one of those boxes.  Are you able to stop by the Library to let the circulation desk know that you are looking for this book? Unfortunately, you are not able to reserve it online. Sorry, just to clarify - did you mean you are not at Sorrells Library or that you could not find the book there? I can't read the beginning of this latest msg did you mean you are not at Sorrells Library or that you could not find the book there? No I find thet the book is available at  Engineering &amp; Sci library. I thought I'd go to this library to borrow it Okay, please go to Sorrells Library and look for the book there. If you are not able to find it there in the stacks Where is Sorrells library? then please let the circulation desk know It is in Wean Hall, 4th floor Sorrells is the Engineering and Science Library Ah Ok. I didnt know. I thought I could reserve the book now, online and pick it up at some convenient time. Especially if it needs to be found from storage Yes, understand.  Unfortunately, we do not have that capability.   Ok, but if the book needs to be found from storage how long will it take. I'd need the book today or at least tomorrow Unfortunately, that will take a few days. However, based on recent checkouts, there is a good chance it is at the Library i.e. that it was not sent to storage I am not at the Library right now, so I am not able to check Saturday  i'm going out of tow to see one of my collaborator. We would need to be able to check some things on that book Can I get in touch with someone in the library? I'll see if I can get a number for the circulation desk, one moment please Thanks call 412-268-7217 that is the number for the circulation desk at Sorrells Library Thanks I'll call the circul desk Great, they should be able to see if the book is there

good morning! i'm looking for a book that does not seem to be in the CMU system, but i am notoriously bad at finding things. can you help? title is Connections: Writing, Reading, and Critical Thinking hi sure ..  let me check grazie prego :) ok .. so we only have it in the Qatar campus library .. let me check to see if PITT has it for now, or a local library .. meanwhile, I'll make a note to order a copy for our campus (lucky you, I am the English liaison) :) sweet!! i'm writing a proposal for a textbook, based on my class, and i'm sizing up the competition :) one more that seems only to be in ebook format is Engaging ideas the professor's guide to integrating writing, critical thinking, and active learning in the classroom, by John Bean.  then of course you will need to order a copy of mine when it's done!! ok .. hold on .. one at a time .. do you have an author for the first? in case there are other books with a similar title hang on, yes. megan c. rainey, and it looks like the isbn might be 0205607330 i think the connections book comes with a teacher's guide, which i'd love to see as well.  ok .. that's helpful .. hold on here's the amazon link https://www.amazon.com/Connections-Writing-Reading-Critical-Thinking/dp/0205607330 ok .. the connection title doesn't seem to be in a local library .. so you'll need to borrow it using ILLiad .. have you used that before? i have. i also have been banned at the moment. :)  i have evilly not returned some books i need for my research, so i have to scan some books and return them, which i'm doing today.  are there scanners in the library(ies)? Ok, when you do, we'll lift the ban .. there are scanners in the library yes in all of them?  yes.  May I also have your contact email so I can let you know when we get a copy in print?  It may take a couple of weeks, but I'll rush it. dmcar@andrew Ok, and you are .. :) i promised my agent i'd get her the proposal by the 20th, so i'll work around it, but whatever you can do would be great.  the john bean book looks just as promising, if you want to take a look at that. it's in ebook format, but a real book would be nice. it's published by wiley. he's an english prof at university of seattle oh, sorry denise caruso heh Ok, Denise .. ordered a copy of connections and will let you know as soon as it comes in.  Meanwhile, you can get a copy of it through ILLiad. thank you! Now to the other title .. hold .. need to scroll up for the title  at which library are you located, btw?  Hunt may i ask your name?  Ethan .. I am the liaison for English, Philosophy, and Modern Languages what department are you in? engineering and public policy, nominally that's where the class is stationed. Good news .. we have the second book as an e-book and you can access it online i'm also working with philosophy. even with my disgraced account? which i swear i will rectify today no I mean what department affiliation, not the class :) engineering and public policy.  EPP in CIT ok .. let me get you the link to the ebook .. you can access from on campus, or log in with Andrew ID if you're on a laptop or off campus thank you! i'll be in soon to scan and redeem myself. here's the link to the ebook - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1616601 thank you, ethan.  you'll see a line in bold "online access" .. multiple user .. click on that to view the book my pleasure .. this subject happens to be my main research interest as well .. so happy to know about the books okey doke. i wish it were a physical copy but maybe i can use a library computer to pull it up and work with my laptop next to it. god forbid i actually take notes. :)  let me check PITT for a physical copy .. hold if that is the case, i will keep you posted on others that i find. there were surprisingly few in the searches that i made. there's a trend towards ebooks .. I like them .. easier to "carry" lol true dat. In that case .. we should meet .. perhaps I can guide your search .. it may be a matter of using the right terms i would love that. let me get squared away with the ILLiad thing at Sorrels, and I will come by.  thanks again!  see you soon ... stepping away now hold on PItt has a print copy PE1404 .B35 2011 several in fact .. 2 are checked out and one in storage  use ILLiad to get the print .. mention in the notes field that you need the print not electronic .. so they don't decline your request Anything else I can help with?

I'm having trouble accessing an article from off campus Hi I'm logged in through cisco, and haven't had trouble with any others, but this one takes me to a site and says I need to log in What are you trying to access  Should I link the CMU library page of the article? Yes-or send the citation.  I need to know what you're trying to access. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-LOGICAL-s1066-53fb55929d87ed8992096f154cfad67eb9bd2811ca984c08b79aa1a26e9ee03d3 Thanks-let me check this out-just a minute, please Of course OK, I clicked on the full text link, it took me to the db and then I was able to download it.  When I use either "get it @CMU" or "full text" I am taken to "Samemobilus.sae.org" and asked to log in saemobilus  How about trying it from the proxy link-let me send that to you.   Oh...I see what might be the problem.  It's a test database. I don't have a proxy link to send you (proxy=you sign in with your andrew user id and psswd). I am proxy'd in through CMU, though it might not be explicitly to the library server. Would that perhaps help, if its not what I am already on? Did you go into the SAE Digital Library or the SAE Mobilus Link? The exact page I get is a subscription login https://saemobilus.sae.org/content/2016-01-0359 is the page I am sent to No, got that, thanks, but how did you get to the article-google search, google scholar, via one of our datbases (from link on library's homepage) Library search page To be honest, I'm not sure why you're not getting in. Let me look at something. Is this the only article you need from SAE? Its the only one I've tried to access from the site so far, no idea if I'll be trying to access it again later at the moment I can just send it to you and report problem. That works for me Yeah....I get you. I don't quite see any reason why it shouldn't work, esp. with the VPN. What browser are you using (I know I will be asked that). Chrome Thx-also send me your email. chasenr is my andrewid Thx-just a minute-I'm on with our tech person. He checked everything and it all looks good on our end (going to correct server, etc).   One thing to try if you want to search for more SAE articles is to go to the SAE db link we provide on the homepage-go to Search and find, then Research DB, then S for SAe and go from there. If you're not somehow already authenticated, then you should get a prompt to authenticate. That worked It went through an authentication and I can see the site Excellent! and the article should be in your email. Perfect, thank you You're very welcome That's all I have so I'm closing this window. Have a good day.

Hello, Hello May I ask something about the website? Of course. I don't know why I can't see the position of a book any longer, is that information supposed to be shown under "holdings"? We are currently experiencing some problems with our catalog. Holdings information is not displaying. I might be able to use a workaround if you'd like to share the title with me. Oh, I see. Unfortunately, all the books I'd like to search have already been marked "checked out"... That is also another bug. ??? ALL books are displaying as checked out. As a sit in my office and look at the book stacks, I can tell you that is not the case! So there is a good chance the books you want are available. Sure, then could you help me check the book "NUMERICAL ANALYSIS" from Burden, which will be better if it's the 10th edition with ISBN 9781305253667 OK - just a second I think we have the 2005 - 8th edition. Sounds good! May I learn where it is in case I need it sometime during the semester? It's located in the Stacks at Sorrells Engineering & Science Library. Call number QA297 .B84 2005. Staff is working to get the catalog back in working order. I suggest you try to look the title up again prior to going to the library. So how soon may I expect the catalog will be fixed?  I am sorry but I can't answer that question. Hopefully very soon. Alright. One last question... Could you help search the book "Introduction to Operations Research" by Hillier and I think there is the lastest version Sure. Just a sec It looks like the 2015 edition is checked out. You could try requesting it through interlibrary loan. When the catalog is working again, you can place a hold on the library copy. Ha, that's not a bug then~ No -- that one is really checked out! Where can I find the relatively new versions?  It looks like that's it. The Libraries has 2001 but in Qatar, And much earlier editions 1995 edition is in Hunt Library, STACKS-3. Call number T57.6 .H53 1995 Cool! Great thanks for your patient and detailed help!!! Have a good one~ You are very welcome. Good luck. And I apologize for the inconvenience.

hello -- hi how may i help i'm trying to get industry analysis information on professional service organization (non profits) in the human resources sector I attempted this search using pro quest, but can't get any positive results. am i too specific (industry and sector)? have you looked at the industries guide?  There are other databases that would be better than proQuest - http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries  for example, you can search IBIS by NAISC (if you have that), or just type "human resources" and you'll get reports for the US and other countries. ProQuest might be ok for specific country info, but for industry analysis, you might want to check other databases. great. :)  i'll take a look here. hopefully this is the break i was looking for. thank you. good .. let us know if you have other questions anything else I can help with at this time? is there a recommended source that focuses on non profits, or professional service organizations. basically certification organization (i.e. the society for HR assoc. for the HR industry) Hoovers covers some .. but start with the business research guide - http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper  look at the companies tab ok. thank you. let me see if there's a guide to non-profit info ... actually, i just view the ibis and i have reviewed that info. however, it appears that my topic of interest is not represented. i am trying to obtain the market share of competing HR credentialing organizations (there are two SHRM and HRCI); and overarching financial information on HR professional associations that are located in major cities. Basically independent affiliates of SHRM. ah .. then you should look at the market tab .. not industry .. let me get you that http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch do you have specific companies in mind or just an over view? the society for human resource management ok .. try Statista will do...thank you! just a tip, I would start with looking for companies first .. find their industry codes then search industry databases ..  you mentioned 2 for example SHRM and HRCI let me see if I can find info that way first ok .. so Hoovers turns several hits for SHRM and you need to look at these to figure out the specific industry codes okay, i will try hoovers. it appears bc it is a non profit i'm not getting a lot of activity.  see for example http://subscriber.hoovers.com/H/company360/overview.html?companyId=77771640  thanks again. your help is most appreciated.  there's a link to an industry overview  here are your relevant codes from that report ... NAICS Codes you can use these for a more in-depth analysis HRCI is also listed in hoovers this is def. the informative source i have come across. i will start here...thanks again! you're welcome .. and here are the codes for HRCI .... NAICS Codes happy researching :) anything else? Just remember the strategy I mentioned: identify a company, look for info on it, get the industry codes from the report, then look in the industry guide for overall reports .. got it? :) yup. thanks :) ok .. if nothing more, have a great day indeed.  you too.

Hello, I am trying to log in but I am getting the message: Sorry, we are unable to automatically log you in. when I enter the numbers in my CMU id, it doesn't work hi there what are you trying to log into?  https://search.library.cmu.edu/ actually, you don't need to log in to use the library website - your account is just to see what you might have checked out, or to renew items Are you by chance a new student? (Sometimes it takes a few days to register your ID number with the library.) I am a Disney Research employee, we are given CMU ids and apparently we should have access to the library I am not able to check out a book because it keep sending me to the log in page So I'm guessing that you are not on campus and trying to check out an e-book? I am on campus, at least I'm in the CMU networks this is the book: Fairness in children : a social-cognitive approach to the study of moral development  I don't think it is an ebook That's just what I was going to ask - let me check - OK - that book - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/174509 - is a print book but it's being held offsite, so it needs to be requested.  how long would that take? If you look at the record, you'll see where it says "place a hold" - and you would do it there - it takes 24 hours I'm still wondering if we have answered your question about  "I am not able to check out a book because it keep sending me to the log in page" Is there something else I can help with? when I click that it sends me to the log in page again so I cannot "place a hold" Sorry - was interrupted -  it should be sending you to the authentication page where it asks for your Andrew username and ID? is it not accepting your username and pw? it sends m to a page asking my Carnegie Mellon ID and PIN: not my andrew id Does the page look like the one I sent above? (where it says:  file shared" but when I enter the numbers on my card, it says "Sorry, we are unable to automatically log you in.Please enter the CMU ID number and PIN from your ID card and try again:" it does not am I on the right address? I'm wondering whether it would be easier to straighten this out on the phone?  You could call me at 412-965-1011 - sure ready when you are

Hello hi I know that there's an order for the book "Handbook of Media Economics" The e-text version is already available, but the hardcover version seems to be on the way Can you update me on this? It is still on order and hasn't been received yet. Is sthis Rolando? We're looking into it right now. hello Yes, Rolando Hi Rolando, we're checking into this.  It was just sent from the publisher.  oh ok, great Sue? yes! Hey!!! Great no problem-surprised it is taking so long.  thought everyone preferred e-books anyway :-) So you put the book kind of "on hold" for me? Yeah, the e-book is nice, but I cannot print it or download it in PDF Your name and email is in the records already with a hold-we just need the book so we can send to cataloging, and then it will go to circulation. It's kind of slow changing pages and things like that You should be able to do some printing...let me check (and I was teasing about e-book-I prefere print myself! :-)) hehe It seems that I can only print on a page by page basis... or maybe I'm just dumb, I don't know hehe You can print, but only one page at a time-yes, most e-books are like that so you don't print the whole book off and have...a paper book!! No, you're not dumb. Publishers just dont' want people to download or print the entire book. Yeah, although there are some books I can download it whole but yes Well, it depends on publisher, date of book, a lot of things. By the way... I'm having a phone call today with someone from SNL Kagan Oh!  The EPP budget you can use for books, is only for books? Yes, usually, and a lot of it is spend already. Of course I'll play the "poor grad student card" first... yes-do that (play poor grad student), but keep me informed of what they say. ok what exactly are you working on again (I know it's media, but what specifically)? let me copy what I wrote to this guy from SNL In fact, he contacted me That sounds great. - OTA TV Ratings- MVPD Ratings- Retransmission Consent Payments and Must Carry- Over the Top providers- Advertising revenues, Cost per Thousand- Big-4 Network Affiliation, other networks, diginets- Set top boxes and other customer premise equipment Good news-while we were chatting, I was having someone check the mailroom and the books just came in today.   Niceee They will go to (rush) cataloguing so you might get them...not sure if tomorrow-depends who is in, but definitely by early next week. You'll get an email when they are ready for you to pick up. great About what I'm doing, I'm working on the economic and policy implications of the new digital tv standard that will be available in a couple of years New Over the Air transmission standard Thank you-that's what I wanted to know. That's ultra high definition TV? So the list of issues I gave you, is basically what I could potentially need Yes, that's one thing about this new standard I understand.  Really industry specific stuff.  Yes Nielsen, SNL Kagan, Kantar Media stuff  yeah....non of which we have Well, I'll let you know how it goes with SNL Thanks again for the book! Yes, do let me know.  You're welcome re the book! Enjoy!

where can I find the newspaper databases Hi Is there a particular newspaper that you are looking for? new york times and chicago tribune and African american historical newspapers Okay, thank you, a couple of options... First, for all of our newspaper databases... You can go to the Library homepage, click on Research databases under the main search window... Then under the "All Database Types" dropdown, select Newspapers That will give you all of our newspaper databases. From there, you can see the African American Newspaper databases For the NYT, you can find that directly in the list of Research Databases i.e. navigate alphabetically to New York Times I'm checking on Chicago Tribune now... Okay, here is what I recommend for Chicago Tribune... Go to the Library homepage and select eJournals under the main search bar Type in Chicago Tribune in the main search window From there, you will find several options for databases with Chicago Tribune content, depending on the dates that you are looking for Does that help? Thank you so much! My pleasure, please ping back if you have any further questions. :)

I searched for a paper in the library. hi And it turned up a successful result. Hello! - Sorry if the message was too direct, I don't want to waste too much of your time.  no, no problem-we will be happy to help.  Not sure what you're question is? But then I click the get it@CMU button and it takes me to a page that says no electronic holdings were found for this journal.  Did you do an "everything" search?  We may not have all the journal articles that are included in that search. If you give me the citation I can double check for you. Specifically, I was looking for "The Coroner's Strategies for Announcing Death" Just a minute-let me check. Although I'd happily accept another good example paper for writing a grounded theory research paper. So in summary I have two questions. 1. Why does the search some times turn up a get it at cmu button but then when I click on it, it doesn't link me to the document? This has happened multiple times before and I'm wondering if the links break and need to be reported as broken or if the search result doesn't mean that CMU has the document and I am misreading it some how. We actually have the full text of Coroner's Strategies for Announcing Death. Put the title in the everything search box. in the results click on Full text. 2.  Can you get me a good example of ground theory research paper?  The CMU button "get it" gives retrieval options, not necessarily full text. I'm assuming that the paper I want is a good one but I'm not sure. Is this for interp. and arguement? So I would be fine receiving the paper or another one. not sure what that means. What class is this for? Is this for English, Interpretation and Arguement? I'm a computer science student so I'm working a little outside my expertise on this project and would like the help of an example haha. No. It's not for that class. I'm a PhD student trying to write a new computer science theory. OK, thank you.  Is this for a particular class?  If so, what one? OK, now I understand. It's not for a class.  I want to publish the paper. publish the new paper I am writing* Maybe this will help: http://www.groundedtheoryonline.com/ http://www.mheducation.co.uk/openup/chapters/9780335244492.pdf If these do not help, you may want to talk to the computer science librarian, Jillian Miller jillianc@andrew.cmu.edu+1 412 268 6330 Thanks!  I'll look into them. What about the question on the get@CMU link? for the* I thought I answered that.  cmu link will give you retrieval OPTIONS.  If the full text is there, there will be the term full text.  CMU Link can show you if the article is full text in other databases, and it can also provide the link to our catalog and our interlibrary loan service.  It will not necessarily have the full text all the time. In the example you gave with the coroner article, there was a "full text" link next to the @cmu.  Clicking on that gave me the full text of the article. Ah, I see thanks! I had clicked on the citation option without realizing the full text was separate. It can get complicated , but just remember @CMU link is retrieval options. Whenever you see full text-click on that! And if you don't see full text, click on the @CMU get it link Thanks for the help!  You're very welcome! Have a good day. You as well-and good luck with your paper!! :-) Thanks!  One other question I thought about. Sure If I find a link that says it is supposed to take me to the full text, but then it asks me to log in to access the full text, should I report that? Or do something else? I don't have the log in information for that website. It wasn't asking for CMU credentials. yes, report it to use.  Sometimes db vendors remove the full text of journals. If you are using the databases/resources from our website, the only login should be with your Andrew user ID and password and that is if you are not on a CMU IP address (offcampus, or using laptop) We don't have db passwords to even give you-all our authentication for databases, online journals, etc, is either via IP authentication, or login with Andrew user ID and psswd, or using the VPN. Will do.  Who should I report that to? Remember, you can't just do a google search and then expect to be able to access the full text of an article from a journal (unless it's open access). You need to start with our Library website www.library.cmu.edu and either use the research database links, or the e-journal list. You can report it here, or you can send mail to any of the ref units- Hunt Library   at huntref@andrew.cmu.edu  or sciref@andrew.cmu.edu for the science libraries Thanks. I'll remember to check that before filing a report. You're welcome.  and we'll be happy to double check any access issue for you. Have a good day! You as well! :-)

i would like to find research aricles on G20 or/and APEC Hi! Search results is almost zero Okay, I can help you with this What are you studying out of curiosity? If you are looking at this from the economics perspective, we have created a research guide on Economics Research: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/econres Within this guide, there is a section/box called Economic Literature - Databases From there, there is a resource called EconLit doing a quick search within EconLit for "APEC" yields about 400 articles A search for "G20 yields about 3,300. There are ways to limit results too thanks, that is helpful Article:Reassessing APEC's Role as a Trans-regional Economic Architecture: Legal and Policy DimensionsAuthor:Hsieh, Pasha LJournal:Journal of international economic lawISSN:1369-3034Date:03/01/2013Volume:16Issue:1Page:119 - 158 Great! Is this for a particular class? it seems there is no full text available Ah...let me check for this article i would like to download the full text to share with other business students who are interested in this topic yes this is for a class looking at asian economic organizations Okay, I have checked access to this journal, and unfortunately we do not have it electronically. Your best bet would to try and secure it by using our interlibrary loan services Have you used interlibrary loan before?  Search criteria:Refine or alter criteriaArticle:Worth the Hype? The Effect of G20 Summits on Global Financial MarketsAuthor:Lo Duca, MarcoJournal:Journal of international money and financeISSN:0261-5606Date:05/01/2015Volume:53Page:192 - 217 how about this one? i couldn't find full text either Would an article like this work for APEC? http://search.proquest.com/docview/218333249?pq-origsite=summon Let me check the other article you sent anything will do, but i dont have access to the link you sent anything about the two organizations will do i need full text articles to share with the class Okay, we do have the second article you asked about. I will attach it to this chat Are you currently off-campus by chance? Were you able to get the attachment that I sent? Are you still there?

hi hhi Is this someone from Pittsburgh campus? Yes Are you still there?  Can I help you with something? Oh yeah, sorry about that So I'm a freshmen in CMU-Q And I am required to make two annotations on a topic I've been given Since, I'm new here, I don't know much about how the system works I mean, there are articles in Google Scholar that are of some interest to me, but I'm unable to access them even though I'm logged in to my andrew account We may not have elelctronic access to every journal article in google scholar, but for those we do have, you need to configure Google scholar-this link will show you how: http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/tools/gscholar You can also use the e-journal list to see if we have online access to a particular journal:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals Let me know if you have other questions. I guess that's it Thanks a lot That really helped Sure-don't hesitate to contact us if you have other questions!  We're happy to help! Sure. I'll go do my work now. Thanks once again You're very welcome! :-) Have a good evening!

Hi, I am a Teaching Assistant in Kigali, Rwanda. Hi My name is Linda Deen. How do I get a reader to read etext books from the library? Options include MARC and Refworks From what I know of our e-books, you don't need any special reader.   Then please explain when I download an etext file, it is in a specific format that I don't recognize but obviously it requires some kind of ereader. Can you give me the title of the work you're trying to read so I can try it?  With ebooks I've tried, I follow the link from the catalog and the text appears on my browser. Maybe it is not an ebook.  The title specifically refers to it as etext. Can you please give me the title? This way I can experience what you're talking about. Okay, I'll have to go get it.  If you have to go, then I'll contact the chat later with the specific titles.  Thanks. That would be the most helpful thing to do.   then we can see specifically what the issues are. Are these books you found in our catalog? 1606072 is a record number for one of the etext books Can you please give me the title? Perspectives and Policy on ICT... author is Berleur, Jacques  2005 Sorry, I can't copy and past into Chat. When I click on download for this title, a PDF opens and thecontents of the book appears, looking just like the book would. Another one...ICT Innovations 2014: World of Data They are in the Electronic Resources Library. Okay, but maybe you already have the ereader. AGain, when I click on the link provided in our catalog, I get the PDF.  Do you have Adobe on your PC? System asks me to select which format I want to use. Yes, I have Adobe.  Okay, I'll go back and try it all again. And sorry, don't know what you mean by Electronic Resources Library.  I get to these online books via our library catalog (assume you do too since you gave me the number for one). Yes, I logged in using my Andrew ID.  Thanks, I'll go back and try it all again.  Bye. Even Springer's homepage just says books are provided in PDF.  Usually I beleive people use Adobe to rad/creat, etc. PDFs.  So you may want to make sure it's on your device and up to date. If you have additional questions regarding this-you may want to contact the science librarians directly-they may have more experience with this since they deal more with Springer. You can email them at sciref@andrew.cmu.edu.  You'll then be able to send a copy and paste of what you see when you try to access the book. I think you realize I'm not looking at ordinary PDFs. I got into the Electronic Resource Library which is Web based.

Hi.  I just went to the Hunt stacks to look for a book, but I was unable to find it on the shelf - I found the space between two books where it would have been.  Now, I'm wondering if I can request the book. Here is the record: https://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/556322 hi Let me check something... thanks! OK-don't see any reason why it shouldn't be in the stacks (not recently checked out, etc.).  did you look around the area? a little If you've looked around a little, then what you can do is go to the Circulation desk, and fill out a tracer form.  Library staff will look for the book, and notifiy you if they find it. ok thank you You're welcome.  You can also see if a copy is available at a local library, or use EZ Borrow to get a copy from lib raries in the NE Good to know.  I'll try filling out the tracer first.  Thanks again. You're welcome! You know, I have to run upstairs.  If you don't mind waiting, I'll just take a quick look for the book. sure I appreciate it. OK!  Just hang loose, and I'll let you know when I get back. ok thanks Success!  Book is in my hand.  Just give me your name and I will put it at the Circulation desk for you to pick up awesome Stephen Gifford Do you my Andrew ID or anything else? And where was the book relative to where it was supposed to be? no, just your name is fine.  They will hold it for you at the Circ desk for 7 days, after that, back to the stacks! It was about 2 shelves up from where it was supposed to be ok No, actually about 4 shelv3es up-forgot it should have been on the bottom (sigh...always the bottom or top) Ok.  Anyway, thank you very much for finding it.  I greatly appreciate it. Have a great day! You're welcome! Always happy to reunite a book and it's reader! :-)  Have a good day, too! oops-its reader!! :)

Hi I cannot login the library  could you please help? what are you logging in on don't remember PIN one moment let me check thank you go to the library website  search.library.cmu.edu in the upper right hand corner click my account and then you shoul  be able to log in with your andrew id and password.  okay wait a moment please I'll try no still not working are you off campus if so you need to use the  the offcampus login athttp://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus automatically change to my CMU id and pin no I'm in the campus also not a laptop computer, desktop in the MMCH building give me your name and let me check on this andrew id: jihyunp, Name: Ji Hyun Park one moment thank you let me check this out and e-mail you I need to speak with someone in circulation I will send an e-mail shortly thank you! fyi, I graduated on May 2015 and continue working at CMU as a full time researcher.  so maybe I cannot access bc I graduated? did you get a new id when they made you a researcher ywa yes i have a new one under same andrew id so your andrew id and password should work we no longer use the cmuid and pin. If you continue to have this problem you need to go to the Hunt Library and speak with someone at circulation. There may be a problem and your information needs to be changed and that can only be done  by the staff at circualation. I have sent them this screen capture please see Ona Taylor. Sorry I could not help you with this through chat okay. So I need to contact Ona Taylor, right?  Thank you  yes  could you cc me the mail to Ona Talor please? her e-mail is ot25@andrew.cmu.edu great! thank you you are welcome

hi hi I have a question Ok-shoot! I found a book here but I can't find a link to read the contents of the book could you provide it to me? Can you give me the title of the book or the URL of the record from the catalog? Object-oriented databases : technology, applications, and products this is the title OK-just a minute please If this is the records you saw http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/451816 please note that this is a paper book in the SEI Library so I can't find it here? No, there is only one copy and it's at the Software Engineering Library on 5th Ave (across from St. Paul's Church) and its no available online? We don't offer it online.  We only have the one paper copy Note it's from 1994. oh ok thanks for that note You're welcome. We may have some more current articles on the topic if that's what you want. that would be useful You could just search the "Articles and More" on the homepage, or go to the Databases (under search and find) and use the subject option to limit to your subject (e.g. computer science) What ;might be helpful, too, is a database we just got called Safari Books Online: Thousands of best-selling, top-rated IT, computing, technology and business books by leading authors. Please make sure that you logoff when done - this is a limited access resource. I just searched "Object-oriented databases" and lots of chapters came up-you'll get the text online I would like to get some articles that contains products of object oriented databases I added products to my search in Safari books and came up with some chapters.  Is this for business? I did an advanced search in our ABI database (a  more business oriented db) with Object-oriented databases on one line (in quotation marks to get exact phrase) and products on next.  got over 600 hits.  You can sort by relevancy (default) or date. I have to do a research about object oriented databases and my professor would like me to ad information about products that use object oriented databases ok I will try that now Are you a tepper student? yes If you don't find what you want in that search, contact the business librarian-Roye Werner rwerner@andrew.cmu.edu and she'll be able to help you. ok thanks a lot You're very welcome-have a good day! :-) and a Happy Thanksgiving! same to you! Thanks! :-)

Hi, I'm Danielle, a CMU Tepper MBA student doing my summer internship right now in marketing. I'm trying to access the Global Industry Analysts report from May 2017 on "Global Feminine Hygiene Products Industry." Do I have access to this as a student? I haven't been able to find it through online searching on the library's site. Thank you!  Hi Danielle! Let me check on this report Great thank you! Odds are we do not have access to it if you found it on the web first. My name is Ryan Splenda by the way, I am the Business & Econ Librarian Oh hi! Yes, I think we've met briefly before. Do you have the link for this report by chance? Or do you remember which market research company produced it? If we don't have access to that specific report, would you be able to point me in the right direction for any global reports on feminine care/hygiene? I'm working at Kimberly-Clark on the U by Kotex brand this summer (tamping, pads, etc.). Yes, I've done some searching and it looks like we don't have access to this.  This is often the case with some of these reports However, there are other databases to try for the female hygiene industry Here's the link: http://bit.ly/2sMJpFH The one you may consider first is Passport, which can be found here: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?s=100438&q=passport Thanks for the link. We don't have it unfortunately. Let me check in some of our databases I'll check on Passport now  Thank you! Okay, it is a bit tricky Another one to try is MarketLine http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?s=100438&q=marketline MarketLine has "Personal Hygiene" industry reports for a number of countries and may have a global one as well There is a report in Passport called "Beauty and Personal Care Global Industry Overview" that may be of help I'll take a look at that. I also looked at the company overviews for K-C, Proctor & Gamble, and others Yes! Great idea! I was just going to suggest taking a look at the companies that make up the market as well.  Company profiles in MarketLine, Mergent Online, and NetAdvantage could be helpful Mergent Online: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?s=100438&q=mergent%20online NetAdvantage: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?s=100438&q=global%20netadvantage The file I just shared is the report from Passporty Passport* Also found a "Global - Personal Hygiene" report in MarketLine as well. Select industries in that database and type that exact phrase to get i hope that these databases and reports help. If you have any further questions, don't hesitate to contact me at rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu Thank you, Ryan! I just downloaded a bunch of reports and will sift through them today. I'll definitely follow up if I have any other questions.  My pleasure, Danielle! So glad this was helpful! Good luck with your internship :)

Hi! hi How can I find an index of Secretary George P. Shultz congressional testimonies or at least for the ones we have on proquest I'm not sure what you mean by index.  If he testified in Congress, it would be in Proquest Congressional, which can be searched in a number of ways.   okay. what would be the best way? I have been just typing congressional testimony George P. Shultz In Proquest Congressional, in the advanced search, you can select witness as the field and then enter the witness name. let me look into this a little more I see. Thank you. But I'm looking for him as a speaker OK-I need some clarification.  Do you want him as a witness in hearings before Congress? no. not as witness The Congressional Record is what is said on the floor of Congress (with cngressmen being able to edit remarks later). Other than that, there are hearings, with where people give testimony as witnesses before Congressional committees. okay, thanks! Let me review it, and I'll get back to you with better questions We have access to both. I'm really confused! It's complicated, so it's important to know what it is you want-what are you working on? I am tracking Secretary Shultz speeches that would include his speeches before congress It might be helpful to look at a biography or two of Shultz-it's possible there might be some info in the bibliographies about this. thank you we have this: BOOKAvailableTurmoil and triumph : my years as secretary of stateby Shultz, George Pratt, 1920- Published 1993Subjects: Š—“...Shultz, George Pratt, 1920-...Š—Located: Hunt Library - STACKS-2 (Stacks 2nd Floor) Call Number: E840.8 .S535 A3 1993 You don't have to read the whole book-look at the table of contents, index, and any special lists of info in the back.   ok! thanks, that was very helpful

Hello, May I get some help on finding time line of major business or tech events from google and corresponding stock rise and fall? Hi Thank you! This is my final project for a business course, but I'm an engineering student with almost zero background in this area  Thanks for contacting us No problem at all. I am the Business Librarian and can help Probably the best way to go about this is from a company resources perspective Let me introduce you to a guide that I have created on company research: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Great! I searched for such information on Google and something like this would be great, but all the time lines I found a pretty old and only goes until 2011 No problem. You will probably have to piece together a couple of different resources in order to complete your timeline I don't think that we have one resource that will cover both in one swoop On that guide, take a look at the "Company Financials" box There is a resource listed there called Mergent Online select that resource This looks great, the info here is pretty up to date Once in it type in Alphabet in the search box (because they recently restructured and that is the name of the ultimate parent company now) Oh great! You got in and found Google/Alphabet? Click on the "Equity Pricing" tab and you can get to current and historical stock pricing data Yes You can even export this data into excel using the "Report" sub tab Is there a place that I can find major events? I wish to see the link between the stock change and Google's events, such as the Cloud Next conference last week and the release of Google phone pixel several months ago Okay. The same database has a "News" tab as well, but it may not go back as far as you'd like it too. Yes, I wish to see some major events maybe range for the whole year of Google There is a sub-section within that tab called historical news that gives you some more info Also on the main "Company Details" tab again, there is a section down at the bottom of that page that gives "Company News and Corporate Events" There is a second database to consider for news as well though The historial news is about acquisitions, would there be some resource for major business events, product release, change in market structure and major players? We may have to go the news database route for this. Take a look at the "News Sources and Research Articles" box within the guide and click on the Business Source Premier databae We can search this database for Google/Alphabet  as a "Company Entity" and then narrow by publication types after that This is just another potential place to find news because this database has access to newspapers, magazines, and trade publications all from the business discipline Is there a tab for "Company Entity"? There is a drop down search filter for company entity next to the search box itself. It defaults to "Select Field Optional" but can be changed You could also change that drop down to "Ticker Symbol" as well if you'd like It looke like company entity is more reliable though looks* If you do go the ticker route, use their old ticker GOOG instead of the new one GOOGL Thank you very much! No problem! One last suggestion if you'd like Actually, before that...notice that there are additional limiters on the left-hand side of the page within Business Source Premier that you can use to further narrow your search results. For example, Date range, publication type (news vs. trade publication, etc.) Is trade publication mainly focusing on the finance? It depends, it could focus on quite a few different aspects  They mainly focus on the different industry(ies) that your company of interest operates within But this would be where you could get some nitty gritty info on major events that have happened with Google Thank you! Have a nice afternoon!

Good afternoon, Do you have available Nippon Steel Technical Report No. 10 that was published in 1973? Hello. Let me look into this for you. thanks I am not having much luck finding it. But give me a couple more minutes. You may want to contact one of our engineering librarians. If we do not have it, they can help you obtain it elsewhere. any luck? Actually -- I think I found it. oh cool no. 10? Just a second. sure Let me go check the shelf to confirm that it's what you want. ok thanks Are you sure the year is 1973? The Nippon Steel Tech Report No. 10 that I found is 1977. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1015678 Do you have a title for the report? hmm i have title of article within report which is where reference originally comes from whatever you have would be helpful. "Production of titanium ingots in a vacuum plasma furnace, introduction to vacuum plasma furnace" Nippon Stainless Technical Report, No. 10, pp 65-81, 1973 Nagai, Murase, Suzuki, Kishima are the 4 authors of that  So Nippon Steel Technical Report and Nippon Stainless Technical Report are two different things right? That might be the problem. I was looking at Nippon Steel based on your original question. Gotcha - i searched another database and the earlier versions of the report i believe were called Nippon Steel... rather than Nippon Stainless... does anything come up if you search Nippon Stainless Technical Report? Not yet. I am looking though. Great thanks! Which database were you searching? http://www.ntis.gov/ Library of Congress steered me there as well... I am really not having much luck. Would you like the contact information for the engineering librarian? http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/donna-beck ok i'll try them thank you for your help! You are welcome. I am sorry I couldn't help.

Hi I'm looking for an article from Teachers College Record hi please hold but it looks like the library doesn't have that journal okay just finishing another question .. I'll be right with you Ok .. did you check our e-Journals link? http://library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals could it be this?  Teachers college journal      from 01/01/1929 to 12/31/1933 in PAO Collection 1 with updatefrom 01/01/1935 to 1967 in PAO Collection 1 with update still there? oh okay i am looking for an issue from 2015 though Oh .. ok .. let me see if PITT has the journal .. otherwise, it's best to place an ILL request .. have you done that before? yes PITT has it online .. you can go there and ask for a temporary pass to access the journal and download what you need here's their record: Title:	Teachers College record.Publisher:	[New York, Teachers College, Columbia University, etc.]Physical Description:	v. ill.Former Title:	Record - Teachers College, Columbia UniversityRecord - Teachers College, Columbia UniversityInternet Address:	http://pitt.idm.oclc.org/login?url=http://www.ingenta.com/journals/browse/bpl/tcre?mode=directClick for Web Access:	Access for Pitt-affiliated users onlyLocation:	Hillman Journals (ask at Service Desk or Rm.306) (Non-circ)Order Information:	1 Copy Received as of 05/24/2005Status:	Not Checked OutLibrary has:	v.72-100 (1970-1999)Notes:	Check additional PITTCat records for availability as an electronic resource.Location:	ULS Storage (Use Get-It Service)Status:	Not Checked OutLibrary has:	v.102-105 (2000-2003)v.106n.9-12 (2004) this is a better record .. but yes .. they have it to present ..  Teachers College record (1970)  (0161-4681)    Look up Article    More full text options      from 2005 to present in Single Journalsin Print volumes in the library so it is up to you .. go to PITT's Hillman Library or order via ILL still need assistance?

I need a hard copy of conference proceedings from 1991 and I can't find it listed anywhere. I found the first annual symposium from 1981 here http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-crossref_primary_10_1109_C_M_1981_2206173 I need the 11th annual symposium proceedings Hi actually a digital copy of the proceedings is fine too Okay, please give me a few moments and I will try to find it.  If we get disconnected for any reason, my name is Ole and my email is ovillads@andrew.cmu.edu.   okay if it helps I found a listing for the 5th annual proceedings at princeton.edu and one for the 7th annual proceedings at a tokyo library but have no luck looking for the 11th annual proceedings okay, thanks Still looking.  Trying to hone in on the 11th symposium - havn't found it yet but am still looking okay thanks Still looking.  Can't seem to get the 11th in any searches.  Want to check a couple more places. go ahead and take your time I've got chat window up on my computer, but i'm also working on other stuff so no rush great, thanks Hi, unfortunately I can't seem to find it - at least not the 11th annual symposium in 1991.  Best bet will be to submit an Inter-Library Loan (ILLiad) request; they have additional resources to help find hard to get items.  Have you used ILLiad before?  If not, I can provide you some instructions. yes i have used illiad before.  but its been a while can you hang on while i enter the request just in case i have any questions of course okay looks good.  thanks

Hello, I'm trying to use the Library resources to research companies  I was wondering if there's a database for startups  Hi! like Crunchbase or something similar that the library subscribes to  Yes, we have some resources that could be helpful when trying to find information on startups Let me direct you to a guide that I've created on company research http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Within this guide there are a couple of database to consider. Since you are focusing on startups, the best resource to use is probably PrivCo. It is listed int he "Company Basics" box It does require an account set up using your CMU credentials, but this is one of the premier resources that we have for private companies (since most, if not all, startups are private). There are some other databases in this guide that may have very basic information on private/startup companies as well. They are Hoover's, ReferenceUSA, and to some degree Mergent Online Are you mainly looking for basic information on startups? I also forgot to mention that downloading/exporting in PrivCo is allowed, but there is a monthly limit. It does reset each month. I believe it is 25 company downloads and 50 transaction downloads per month By the way, my name is Ryan Splenda and I am the Business & Economics Librarian and liaison to Tepper.  Are you still there? sorry, i lost you in my tabs and this is helpful information  thanks for your help  I'm glad that this is helpful! Is there anything in particular that you are looking for with regards to startups? yes actually  well, it's not specifically for startups  Okay, sounds good i'm looking for product management positions (or as least in the PM orbit) at small to medium sized companies  Ahh okay. Are you looking for position openings or for contacts with that title? both, i suppose  If it is for position openings, unfortunately, we don't have any resources that have that type of job announcement information But, there is a way to screen for executives within companies in a couple of our resources the two best resources that have a "Build a List" function are Hoover's and ReferenceUSA There is a way to screen for executives using specific criteria (ex. by geography or by industry) Are you, by chance, from Tepper? no, i'm a psychology alumni  Ah I see. Are you a current CMU affiliate? I spoke with steve rakas last week  and he suggested I look through library resources  I'm glad that he recommended us :) I haven't had success with the career office, so I'm working through the other / Library resources  yeah, i've had great experiences with the library  Sounds good :) you people will pimp out research papers :) Are you still a current member of the CMU community though? Hahaha The only reason I'm asking that is because once you graduate or aren't a current affiliate in some way anymore, you won't be able to access these resources.  The only way to get to them would be by physically coming to Hunt Library and signing up for a guest pass and using them on our computer terminals It's CMU's rules unfortunately. ok, i can't be put on the VPN?  Unfortunately, no. Once your CMU account is deactivated, the library privileges go as well There is the possibility of accessing business resources electronically from the public library of Pittsburgh (CLP) If you sign up for a card with them, you'll be able to access some of the same resources remotely

Hi This is Koyo Nagashima, a Tepper student. I'm looking for this article. Can you help me? "Instruction and Adult Acquisition of English as a Second Language: Does It Make a Difference?" Hi I'll be happy to check-just a minute please I checked this article on the web. But the page said this article was unavailable. Do you have the journal title, vol, date, pages?   http://search.proquest.com/docview/1659985135?pq-origsite=summon Is this useful information? Very!!!  Just give me a minute or so to look at this. Thanks!! Koyo, you will need to use our interlibrary loan service to get this article.  We do not have access to it (paper or electronic) and no one nearby has it. (CCTE stands for Conference of College Teachers of English and they are based in Texas). If you've never done ILL before, you'll need to register-an easy process.  Then fill out a form, and we'll get a copy for you and let you know when it is available.  Here's the link for the service, and you'll want to use ILLiad. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Thank you for your instruction! I'll register it. Glad to help! Have a good day! :-) Thanks a lot! You're very welcome! Oh, by the way, does this service(ILLiad) cost a lot? No-it is a free service.  Often you'll get a PDF of the article in your ILLiad account, but you'll be notified when it's available.  Illiad can also keep a record of your requests. I see. Thanks! You're welcome! Hi. I have another request. Can you find this article? https://www.degruyter.com/view/j/cog.2013.24.issue-4/cog-2013-0024/cog-2013-0024.xml Hi

Hi! Hi! My name is Jaya, first year MBA student How can I help? Hi Jaya Could you share me resources I can use for company research ? Yes I can Let me introduce myself. I am Ryan Splenda, the Business & Economics Librarian Good to meet you Hi Ryan, Nice to meet you. :) :) Okay, I have created a research guide devoted to company research Let me give you the link Here it is: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Thanks a lot. That would be great! You are welcome! There are many different resources that we have for company research i am unable to access MarketLine can you tell me what you are looking for? I can give you an idea of where to look I am looking for company Veritas portfolio  Okay I am having the same problem with MarketLine I will report this to our e-resources team to see what the problem is In the meantime let me see what we can do for the company Veritas Yes please Is it Veritas Technologies in Mountain View, CA? yes Okay, thanks. This seems to be a private company, so finding information on them will be a bit more challenging Yes Thats why i was hoping is we have any tool for that if* We do have a resource that specializes in private companies (PrivCo). However, it looks like they are not profiled in their database I am checking some others as we speak ok It looks like they became a private company in 2016 after splitting with Symantec in 2015.  I can't seem to locate a profile of the company though Still checking Yes that is what i read as well :) Haha, at least we are on the same page!! Okay, I was able to find a brief company profile report in the Mergent Online database Looks like Veritas Technologies is a subsidiary of Veritas US Inc. Let me see if I can find anything on them Let me show you how I got to the report in Mergent Online Do you have time? yes Please go ahead  Great! Are you on that research guide that I gave the link for? yes Okay, there should be a box on the right hand side called "Company Financials" Mergent is the first database listed in that box let me know once you are connected got it Great. Now there should be a checkbox that is unchecked called "D&B Private Company Database" Go ahead and check that box, then search for Veritas Technologies in the search box below it Thank you Ryan. Just one more question. When was the dat updated? Any idea on that? No problem! When you say date, do you mean on that profile report within Mergent Online? yes They usually update their records pretty frequently, but the exact date I'm not sure of.  It is definitely within the last half year (or should be) I can check one more place for a report okay hopefully 2016 Definitely should be the case for that that would be great A few other suggestions. Since this company seems to be a bit more difficult, Consider using the Business Source Premier database to try and find pieces of news related to the company. There may be helpful articles that you can piece together to form a better picture Business Source Premier has a lot of trade journal information (very niche industry publications) that may contain additional information on Veritas Business Source Premier is located in the News and Research Articles box on the left-hand side of the guide okay i will look into it. Thanks Ryan. No problem. Always happy to help.  I tried one more resource but it didn't have anything Just as a backup, Hoover's database has a profile on them as well. It is very thin though Finally, feel free to contact me in the future if you have have more questions. My email is rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu I also have consultation hours over at Tepper every Tuesday from 2-4PM near the Cooper Auditorium Thats great. Good to know. If I need any help I would reach out to you. Thanks for all the help. Have a nice day Ryan. You are welcome. Thanks for contacting us, Jaya. Have a wonderful day! :)

Hi. I have a reference question - I'm trying to work on a paper on a Chinese poetry anthology Shijing (Classics of Poetry) and I want to see if there are materials on how the book was studied in 20th century (or earlier) Japan. Could you help me with it?  hi where have you looked so far? Also, are you looking for English materials or Chinese? I gathered some secondary sources on how the book was studied in China, but I wanted to do a comparative study, so I am trying to look for sources on how the book was studied in Japan I guess secondary sources in English would be good! ah .. ok .. I am asking because there are a couple of options for articles in Chineseor Japanese (if you read either language).  Anyhow, what school or department or class is this for?  I am trying to see if I can get you in touch with the correct librarian to set up an individual consultation if needed. Oh okay. I don't need any Chinese materials; but if there are any in Japanese that would be great too!  I'm not doing it for a specific class mostly just my personal research  Ok, do you have an author of the book you are looking for?  Also, are you looking at reviews of the books as well as other articles? Ah no...not particular an author's articles that I'm looking for. I guess some general surveys would be fine  And I guess since I'm research the reception of that poetry book Shijing in 20th century, I didn't see there would be reviews that I could use...? But you said in your question that you are looking to see how (classics of Poetry) was received? Ok, can you come to see me on campus .. it is easier to get all these questions answered in person, if possible. Ah yeah; sorry maybe I didn't explain it well - the book was written far before 20th century, it's an ancient book...So i'm looking for its reception in 20th century mostly It has a prominent reception in 20th century China, but I wondered about the situation in Japan, during the same period are you faculty, staff, or student at Carnegie Mellon?  I need to know so I can suggest some databases you can search. No I'm not. There's lack of academic sources in my public library, and i know CMU has an east asian language department so i'm trying to reach out through this I see .. the problem is you have to be on campus to use our resources.  So you can set up an appointment with me and I can show you some databases you can search (you'll need an ID).  The University of Pittsburgh, actually has a much better East Asian collections.  Have you tried contacting them? No i haven't...thanks for letting me know I would be happy to go the campus but it's actually not very convenient for me to go recently... Is it possible you helped me search some relevant resources and I could try to access to them later?  I will try .. can you please provide an email?  I will need to look and it will take time.  Also,  the ancient book you are researching, do you have a specific author for that book? my email - mrq613@sina.com  do it doesn't have an author  Ok .. I'll work on this and get back to you .. what is your name? the original chinese title is Shi jing, and it's usually translated as Classics of poetry Willow  ok .. xie xie .. n‰ ji’¾o sh’©nme m’_ngzi? xie xie! just Willow is fine~ ah .. ok ..  I will email then .. thanks

Hi hi I'd like to order this book http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1257271 but it'sin Qatar and I'm a Pitt student and I need it urgently What would be the fastest way? and how long will it take? Well, there's no way we can get it for you from Qatar.  You need to do interlibrary loan or EZ Borrow from your home institution.  We even tell our own students to use ILL or EZ Borrow when there is a book they want and the only copy we have is in Qatar. I've requested a latest version of this book some 10 days ago through ILL, but still haven't received it. They may be having trouble finding the edition you want or an edition that is available. Is there any fixed time limit within which it is guaranteed to get a book through ILL ? no.  They will usually look until they find it.  There is usually a date on the ILL form after which it says they won't look.  You should talk to your ILL at Pitt about it. And whom should I reach out to, to check the status on the request? The online portal has only been showing 'Request Sent' since the last 10 days If you are a Pitt student, you need to talk to the ILL office at Pitt, where you placed the request.  If you do not know where that is, ask at  Hillman Library, Univeristy of Pittsburgh. You can contact the librarians at Pitt via their chat service: http://www.library.pitt.edu/askalibrarian Got it. Thanks! You're welcome! Wait This link is for UPitt it seems. I'm a CMU student. Is it same for us? You said you were a Pitt student! "but it'sin Qatar and I'm a Pitt student" oh-you meant you were Pitt student usually people say Pitt campus-got it. I thought you meant you were a u of Pitt student!! Too many Pitts!!! You can call our ILL office at 412-268-3030. All ILL offices try to get items as quickly as they can. You can also see the status of your ILL.  If you went into your ILL account and saw request sent, that means the request was sent out.  they usually send out a few libraries in the request.  If the first one says no, then it bounces to the second, if the second one won't lend either, then it goes to the third in line.   Even though libraries may have copies, the book may be checked out, on reserve (not available for ILL), etc.  This is especially true of recent books. Hold it just a minute-I need to check somethign.. See if you can get into this link http://proquest.safaribooksonline.com/9780321550187 Hahaha! Yeah I meant Pitt campus. I'm accessing this through CMU library portal and though Pitt would mean Pitt campus when talking about Qatar. I can access the link above. Seems like if I sign in I can go through the ebook Should I use my andrew credentials? great! are you on campus or on the network? I'm at home connected to VPN OK, if you're on the VPN that should work.  I got in and I'm on the network, but I didn't have to login.  I'm not even sure how or why I got in.  We recently got Safari books (collection of e-books), but I searched our collection and didn't see this title. I found this via  the Worldcat database, gave the link a try and got in! Wierd! I was just hoping it would work for you.   Do you need the whole book or just a chapter? I see a link where it says 'use Safari via Public Library Account' but its not working for some reason. I'll try again from the library network. Thanks a lot for the prompt responses. http://proquest.safaribooksonline.com/9780321550187 You're welcome!  

Hi there. I'm doing a research project on investigative work. I'm at the very beginning of the research stages, so I'm looking for pretty broad info. My professor suggested looking for meta reviews or investigation handbooks. Any idea of where I could find some of those? one moment I did a search in the library catalog on investigation handbooks and came up with this will this help you  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Resource/Results?lookfor=investigation+%3Bhandbooks&submit=Search  Thank you. These look interesting. Another question: I'm not familiar with "meta reviews". Do you know what they are?  I am not sure but I did search it and it give me this definition http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Resource/Results?lookfor=investigation+%3Bhandbooks&submit=Search Did you mean to send the same link? no sorry here is the correct one when I search meta reviews it comes up as meta analysis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meta-analysis Ok. Thanks for your help. you are welcome How do I search for reference materials only? If you do an advance search in our catalog you can limit it to  reference only I thought so, but can't seem to find the filter if you go to the library homepage and under search and find select books and more and then you will see the advance on the right Ok. I'm with you. But then what? Where is the reference filter? under location you can select reference ah, ok. Thanks you are welcome

Hi, I have a quick question. Sure! I am a CMU alumni.  I'm wondering if alumni can gain access to electronic resources, such as journals? You can only do so, by visiting our campus in person and getting a temporary pass issued.  I wish this weren't the case, but we're bound by contract with regard to what we can do. So, if you're on campus we can help you out. Alright.  That's OK Hopefully your public library has some good digital resources. Well I am in DC, so it doesn't work.  Do you have any other ideas regarding accessing journals? It would be worth checking with the local universities to see if they allow visitors temporary access. UDC would likely provide what access they could. ok Hmmm ... not sure ... I would think the District has a public library. yes.  but do public libraries have journal subscriptions? It would be worth getting a library card.  Do you live in the district or commute? in dc Let me check quickly... ok http://dclibrary.org/      Here is their web site.  Let me look around a bit. alright At a first glance, I don't see a lot of engineering and science stuff, but other areas seem to be dealt with fairly well. What kind of journals were you hoping to be able to access? more social science Ah ... you maybe be better off then ... I would imagine the general public in that area has a stronger interest in social science than the normal community. i'm not seeing on their website how to access journals Take a look at their list of databases.  Some will have full text journals within them. I haven't found direct access either.  I'll keep looking. hold one ... info coming ok I just got off the phone with the DC Public Library ... They do have access to a couple of databases that we felt might be a good match for your needs.  I'm hoping that you'll be able to access them remotely with your library card number (if you don't have one, they're easy to get). The first would be Expanded Academic ASAP.   It's a lot like the ProQuest database that we had at Carnegie Mellon. ok The other that I spotted was Social Sciences Full Text. nice this is helpful, thanks From there home page ... use the Research tab and choose databases. Then you can apply the Social Sciences filter to locate the Social Sciences full text database quickly... We found Expanded Academic ASAP under the "General Reference" filter. great Also, if you know particular journals that you're interested in, use the WorldCat database to locate libraries in the DC area that would hold them. That might help you to locate an academic library that is convenient to you that allows local on campus visitor day passes. cool The public library can likely get you a lot of stuff via Interlibrary Loan ... but there might be a charge. good idea Is there an academic library near where you work or live? yeah, there are several.  i was hoping to be able to remotely access journals.  i guess the interlibrary loan is an ok idea hopefully the dc library will work Remote access to the public library is common.  Unfortunately the academics will be restricted in what they can provide via contract. not following Academic library licenses usually state that only current students staff and faculty can have access. right ok We pushed the issue a bit by saying that in person visitors temporarily join our community. Some universities do pay extra for certain databases for their alumni.  Maybe the alumni group should push for that? would be nice I will mention it to our Dean of Libraries.  I'm not sure if they're thinking about it or not, but it can't hurt to know that we have alumni that would like it. Is there anything else that I can help you with today? i think that's it.  thanks Hope the public library databases work out! me too

Hi I am looking for some help on understanding pricing/licensing strategies for Office365 can you help? Hello! Can you explain your question a bit more?  Are you looking for research or scholarly writing on this topic? articles that analyze the startegy Microsoft is adopting (this is less technical but more business strategy question) not sure what you mean by scholarly writing That's helpful and yes, I think this falls into the 'scholarly' realm.   oh got it What resources have you already searched?  For example, have you tried any of the library research databases? I just did not want you investing time on technical product offering  i am using this link to search for news article http://search.proquest.com.proxy.library.cmu.edu/usnews/results/2ACD564045754877PQ/1?accountid=9902 Right--that's exactly what I was trying to distinguish :) awesome any analyst reports etc, on the topic will also be helpful Can you send me the title of the article you just send the link to?  That link isn't working for me. (office 365 licensing) AND (strategy, pricing) these are the keywords I typed in proquest Okay great--this is helpful.   sure ping me if you find something nice or email on my tepper id quick clarification if I see some reports on thomson reuters or D&amp;B, can i download that? Not necessarily.  Thomson Reuters (do you mean Web of Science?) is a database that allows you to search abstracts and other information about articles, but whether or not you can get the full text depends on what we have access to. oh in which case if you can help me get analyst reports on Office 365 (from Microsoft) that would be very helpful As for D&B, I have a feeling we wouldn't necessarily have access to all of those reports. at time brokers come out with detailed reports on Office 365 to analyze its success, gaps etc True--unfortunately those reports tend to be extremely expensive are often not available to libraries via institutional access. However, we do have access to some reports and databases that have a lot of this type of information. I'll send you a link in a moment to a research guide that might be helpful. cool This guide gives you a great overview of all of the business resources we have:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper This might be a more targeted search strategy to try in some of the databases:  "office 365" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") ABI Inform and Business Source Complete are two databases that might be helpful. Or you can broaden the search to:  "microsoft" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") This article is a bit old but might be useful:  http://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=buh&AN=43233191&site=ehost-live could not open last link can you share in pdf?  It's from 2009--here's the abstract:  The article examines the pricing policies undertaken at Microsoft Corporation, the developer and manufacturer of computer software. The central focus of the article is the fact that Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive officer, has advocated significant price reductions in Microsoft products. The article reports that the decision is part of a plan to accept lower profit margins but an increase in overall profits. Let me know if that seems useful and I can email the PDF. yes Great--what is your andrewID? mchadir I'm also sending a 2016 Microsoft financial analysis that might have some useful information. awesome I would just try searching ("microsoft" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") or variations of that in Business Source Premier and ABI/Inform--both databases are linked to from the box "News Sources and Research Articles" on the left-hand side of this page:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Is this a longer term project, or is this information you need quickly? more quickly not longer term Okay--I was going to suggest getting in touch with Ryan Splenda, our business expert, but I believe he's out of town at the moment. maybe if the project continues, I can touch base with ryan as well The email didn't go through--do you use cmu.edu or andrew.cmu.edu? strange - can you send on personal id?  menka1805@gmail.com I'd perfer to send these to a CMU email address, since these are really only available to CMU affiliates.  Are you currently a student or faculty member? student You're affiliated with Tepper? mchandir@tepper.cmu.edu this id should work Great--let me try that. got it please continue to send reports that you think are helpful :) thank you Okay--those are the two that I was quickly able to find.  Like I mentioned above, I'd recommend trying those search strategies in I ("microsoft" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") or variations n Business Source Premier and ABI/Inform--both databases are linked to from the box "News Sources and Research Articles" on the left-hand side of this page: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies cool Unfortunately, I have to run to a meeting I can't be late for.  Would you like to chat with another librarian to continue working on this? i am good for now then let me try some of the searches myself Great--but don't hesitate to get back in touch if you're still struggling to find what you need.

Hi how may I help you How can I find an article based on the name of the author? you can search an article by the authors name how are you searching I have used the search box here and I have used the advanced search on ebsco host also however, I want to find a study published by Donald Hebb in the American Psychologist and his name is not in the title of the study As such where can I put in the name of the author in the advanced search? one moment let me check still checking  ok hi hello I understand you're looking for an article by donald hebb? yes, I know its been published in the journal American Psychologist in 1957 but I still can't find it where did you get this information? I got this information from the Carnegie Skills Workshop Professor Well, let me look.  Just be patient-I'll be back! sure do you know the subject of the article or any keywords in the title? this is secondary article on the study done by donald hebb that I am trying to find http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/10/donald-o-hebb-effects-extreme-isolation Is this the one you want: one of Hebb's collaborators, in "The Pathology of Boredom," a 1957 Scientific American article describing the experiments.   or this: THE MOTIVATING EFFECTS OF EXTEROCEPTIVE STIMULATIONBy:HEBB, DO (HEBB, DO)AMERICAN PSYCHOLOGISTVolume: 13  Issue: 3  Pages: 109-113DOI: 10.1037/h0048220Published: 1958 I believe I want the first one OK-let me get a citation for that Heron, WoodburnSource:Scientific American, 196, 1957. pp. 52-56. Note it's not by Hebb.   Here's an abstract of it: Reports experiments on human behavioral effects following prolonged exposure to a monotonous environment. Thinking was impaired, childish emotional responses appeared, visual perception was disturbed, hallucinations developed, and brain wave patterns were altered. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2012 APA, all rights reserved) Its alright, I will check it out Thank you very much Ok-but just an FYI couldn't find any 1957 article by Hebb.  If you find out this isn't what you want, maybe you could check with prof and come back with more info. I will do that thank you very much once again You are very welcome! Have a good day! :-) You too :) thx! :-)

Hi, - I want to get a copy of the obituary of Leroy Kramer in:  Railway Age (1918-1988) (19540426)  Vol. 136 Issue 17 Page 42  Published: Center for Research Libraries. [taken from your catalog]  I am researching the Kramer family.  I am not a student ok let me check for you I am not sure that we have that publication..Did you mean to contact the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh?  Let me check one more thing...one moment... http://carnegielibrary.org/research/ask/ Yes you will want to inquiry at the Carnegie Library We here at Carnegie Mellon to not have a record of owning Railway Age I found it in the Carnegie Mellon University catalog searching "Leroy Kramer".  It gave a link but required an AndrewID and password.  This isn't you? I'm trying to redo your search and do not get to where you mean? Were you doing an "Everything search"? ok I found the citation Unfortunately we don't have full-text access to the issue so... best bet would still be for you to contact the Carnegie Library Record for Carnegie Library Title 	Railway age.Publisher 	Bristol, Conn. : Simmons-Boardman, 1918-Description 	volumes : illustrations ; 31-40 cmFrequency 	Monthly, Jan. 1983-	Frequency varies, 1918-1982Pub Date 	63rd year, no. 1 (Jan. 4 1918)-	book jacketLocation	Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh - Off Site Storage (Please ask for assistance) Lib Has	Volume 66 (1919) to Volume 167 (1969).Identity 	Reference Services Location	CLP Main (Oakland) Second Floor - Magazines Lib Has	Volume 168 (1970) to present.Latest Received: 	March 2016 v.217 no.3  Some pages of Railway Age are found via Google Books--I am also checking there for you just in case it is available Internet Archive might have it...let me check.. Are you still there? Okay.  Thanks.  I'm still here. no luck with Google Books or Internet Archive.  Back to the best bet:  contact Carnegie Library  Thanks and I did check.  It's there and I'll order it.  Bye. Bye 

Hi, I'm trying to get an article from a scientific journal. The CMU library doesn't have it and neither does CAMEO. Is there another method I can use to get it by today? Hi Ooooh, today is tough.  Can you send me the citation and I'll double check you and see if Pitt has. https://www.scopus.com/record/display.uri?eid=2-s2.0-0242525104&amp;origin=inward&amp;txGid=DD9F335BE69BC3B2614B9B190D88BBE3.wsnAw8kcdt7IPYLO0V48gA%3a1 It is actually available to download here on this website, but it seems a little sketchy it said that my version of chrome isn't supported even though it's the most updated version didn't work on firefox, and i couldn't figure out how to change the security settings on safari to allow me to download Which website?  Just give a few minutes to check things out. https://www.scopus.com/record/display.uri?eid=2-s2.0-0242525104&amp;origin=inward&amp;txGid=DD9F335BE69BC3B2614B9B190D88BBE3.wsnAw8kcdt7IPYLO0V48gA%3a1 My Chrome is doing the freezing thing...please be patient-need to move over to Firefox. alright, thank you Hi, I just want to make sure you're still here Hello? yes! Sorry, problems with browser.  Sorry to take so long I was trying many things. sadly, closest copy is Penn State.  If you had more time we could get via interlibrary loan, but for today....sorry, not possible.  Let me know if you want link for interlibrary loan. ah i see are you able to check any university that has a copy of it? and if they have a copy of it, does that mean a student there can get digital access to it? Oh-I see what you mean.  Let me see what info I can get from Penn State's system.  Usually if a library has a digital copy, unless we do interlibrary loan, you'd have to go to that university to use it.  There's no way you here @ CMU would be able to use a digital copy @ PSU  (unless you knew someone there and they gave you password or sent you copy, etc.). yeah that's what i'm trying to do i have a good friend at caltech and uc irvine that could possibly do that for me No going to work....PSU's is a paper copy that is in their offsite repository, so it would have to be requested from there Proceedings of the 2001 Bioengineering Conference: presented at Snowbird, Utah, June 27-July 1, 2001by Kamm, Roger D2001Conference Proceeding:Submit Request for Annexed Material, R856.A1B43 v.50, Annex (UP)  Oh-let me check for Caltech Libraries in CA that have it: Stanford, UC Davis, UCLA do you know if its digital or hard copy? UCLA paper Stanford paper offsite storage UC Davis paper oh boy haha i don't think that's going to work then alright, i'll try to ILL then. Thank you so much for your help You're welcome.  Here's a link to the ILL service http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You'll want to use ILLiad. do you think it would possible to get it by tomorrow? my paper is due tomorrow and this journal article has exactly what i need to write it. but if i don't get it by tomorrow, i need to start looking for other sources I really doubt it, esp. since some of these places have it offsite.  This is how it works: Your request goes on the bottom of our pile, and then goes out to library and goes on the bottom of their pile.  They have to get it from offsite (if PSU), copy it, then send to us.  I have no idea how big ILL piles are now (desperate students in same situation as yourself)...and how many staff are on vacation, out sick, etc.  It's so hard to give exact times.  Best to start looking for other sources.   Alright, cool. Thanks again for your help have a great day :) You're very welcome.  Have a good day and good luck on your paper-I'm sure you'll do well!! :-)

Hello.  I'm a CMU grad student, need help accessing the dissertation database. ok what are you trying to find ? Tried CMU dissertation database.  Says I need a ProQuest login.  Looking for CMU dissertation by Rob Axel, maybe 20 years old. ok let me check is it Robert Axel?  Do you have the area of research or title of PhD dissertation? Department of Engineering & Public Policy.  Possibly "Axell". Still looking might need more info...do you have idea what dissertation is about? Involves statistical cluster analysis. ok let me search a bit more Should I have access to the CMU dissertation database?  Do I need a special login.  I could search for it if I have access. you should be able to go to CMU databases list and search  http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 Dissertations & Theses @ Carnegie Mellon  You have access if you are affiliated with Carnegie Mellon  That takes me to webpage for ProQuest.  Carnegie Mellon University is not listed as one of the institutions with access.  Says to contact my librarian. I have access and I am on campus... Are you off campus? Yes, I am off-campus. here are off campus instructions: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus Says "Š—¢Check with your library reference desk or help desk for instructions on connecting to ProQuest remotely." are you affiliated with Carnegie Mellon?  Should not have problems logging in thru EZproxy.  May be issue on database end.  I can check further... Yes, I'm a CMU grad student.  Login to CMU Libraries system is rhuntsin.  Email is rhuntsin@andrew.cmu.edu.  I'm logged in to CMU Library system now. OK I'll see what the issue is and email you.  Donna Beck, Engineering Librarian donnab@andrew.cmu.edu Thank you, Donna. This is a PhD dissertation, correct?  Not Master's? Spelling is "Axtell". http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/421098 I found a print copy  is this it? Theory of model aggregation for dynamical systems with application to problems of global change. I will now check in Proquest-- That's it.  Any chance of an e-copy? Yes just found in Proquest.  I'll see if I can email to you since you can't access Proquest right now.   Great. As far as Proquest issue, you might try downloading VPN and see if that works  http://www.cmu.edu/computing/network/vpn/anyconnect/client/index.html Oh right, good idea.

Hey Hello. How may I help you? im trying to get the full text of this https://gyazo.com/c1bdc9aeecebc5de4509bca04ac2461b for some reason when I try to export it or do anything it does not let me get the full text i was wondering how to see the full article from this page http://search.proquest.com/docview/1713880184/B4CFC56E2D644CC5PQ/3?accountid=9902 Sure. One moment please while I look into this for you.  Sorry I'm not sure what it is you are looking for.  The first link does not load anything for me and the 2nd link to the interview appears to already be the complete text.  Could you provide the citation you are looking for?  I'm very very sorry, needed to help my roomate Here is one of the titles Introduction to Blockchain - Blockchain 101 - Research and MarketsBusiness Wire; New York [New York]16 Feb 2017. I unfortunately cannot get the full text for this link Thanks for that information Unfortunately, I'm having trouble locating it in our holdings as well.  let me try to send it to you another way when trying to email it  I get the message We seem to have encountered a problem. in general Can I ask what department or school you are in? Is this for Tepper? Perhaps it will be best for me to connect you with your subject liaison for that area.  on a pro-quest page how do I get the full text for any article I'm sorry I'm not understanding your difficulty. On the proquest page you sent I am seeing the complete full text.  Are you access this from off campus?  on this page? http://search.proquest.com/docview/1713880184/B4CFC56E2D644CC5PQ/3?accountid=9902 that is most definetly not the full text ill come into the library actually just easier Okay, thank you. I'm sorry I was not able to answer your question. 

I would like to find the following paper: Hi! Do you have a link to the paper or citation information? I would like to find the following paper: Effects of interviewer's race, sex, and distance on visual and verbal interaction. Presented at the meetings of the American Psychological Association, Toronto, 1984.  Okay, let me see what I can find. you are a gem - thanks Have you checked our catalogue yet, by chance> ?* no I went right to the expert - you the researchers were Donna E. Thompson; John R. Aiello Okay, sounds good! I found it listed on John R. Aiello's CV, but may have a difficult time finding it as a paper. He lists it as a "Paper Read at Meetings". I'm hoping that it was published! is there someway to download articles-papers presented at the conference? american psychological association 1984 conference There may be a way through one of our databases. I'm going to check that one now. I just checked to see if I could find it published in a journal and so far no luck. Okay, our psychology databases are not coming up with anything as well.  Did you find this reference cited in another article? no on his website - this might be a needle in a haystack - let me know when you are done researching or other options - many thanks Thanks for that info and sorry for the delay. I fell into researching mode there for a second That's also what I keep finding; his website and CV It looks like this may have been an unpublished work that they read at the conference. I can't even find it in a Proceedings of the.... kind of thing One suggestion I have is to contact the author directly I can also give you the contact info for our Psychology Liaison to see if she has any other suggestions sure Great!  She is actually on chat now and I will transfer this chat to her Her name is Ana :) Hello, I'm Ana, the psychology librarian.  Ryan filled me in a little but please give me a minute to read your request Alright, I am looking to see if I can find anything from an APA program thank you so much Hello, I have to agree with Ryan's finding that it does not seem that any paper was published for this work.  I was able to find the published proceedings of the 92nd convention of APA but it does not include abstracts or conference papers of the work presented.  Looking at John Aiello's CV it is unclear to me that this work was ever published as a paper, at least on it's own. There is no work listed that appears similar in content based on the titles.  As you may know, this is often the case with psychology conference findings, a conference presentation often reflects work in progress which may not ever be published in a peer reviewed journal.  If you are very keen to know the results of this work I would suggest contacting the authors to ask if they have any record of their findings, however given it was more than 30 years ago you may not have much luck.  I'm sorry I wasn't able to help further. Is there anything else I can help with?  that is fine and thanks - I will write to Aiello and see if i can get a copy - many thanks for the sluething You are welcome. 

can you please let me know of the contact person for the leadership library database? Hi I'll be glad to help you with that. thank you. I am a staff member with OSP and looking to see if I can use the export options available through this resource You should be able to. I can't right now since it says I don't have the credits needed for exporting records.   Oh-I see what you mean-I just tried and saw that.  Let me check into this further Thank you! You're welcome. You're the first person to ever report this, so sorry I don't know off the top of my head! No issues.. Can you please direct me to the contact for the leadership library to see if it's included in our subscription or if we should contact them separately?  Thanks! It appears our account is read only.  I'm seeing what it will take to be able to export. It would cost about $2,000 to get some download credits.  I don't think that's going to be possible. Is it possible to attach the credits with a user and have us pay for it? Let me ask. Well, I will need to talk to their "relationship manager" to see if this is possible.  Or would you rather they talk to you? I also think at this point our acquisitions librarian should be informed as to what you want.   I can talk with them, but thought I should let the libraries know that I'm doing that.. Please let me know of next steps.   Yeah, we need to know when stuff like this happens. Can you tell me your name and email?  I'll send an email to our acquisitions librarian and give her the heads up, copying you. That would be great! sumitha@andrew.cmu.edu; 82841 Thansk again! Thank you! You're welcome! Can I ask what you'd like to download, just to make sure we have no other way to get the info? Federal agency hierarchies  Ok....that would probably be the best source for that.  I'm in touch with the relationship manager.  I'm trying to get a sense of how many credits a download would take. Thank you!  I also need to know if they have any sort of identifiers for the agencies, so it would be great if there is any way that I could talk with her directly.. For help with searches, you may want to use the direct chat on the database. They will be the best in terms of searching expertise, etc. ok. Thanks!  I forwarded you some info re credits via email.

Hi there, good morning how may I help you? I'm doing research on gift giving to couples and was wondering if you could point me towards something along the lines of an industry report that will tell me what % of all gifts go to couples? I see .. let me refer you to our business librarian for this question.  Please hold. Ok thanks! Hello Okay so you are looking for some statistics on gift giving and couples HI there Yes that is correct. What I have found so far are some statistics on the overall $ money spent on things like wedding registries every year, however I would also like to find both a) what % of people have actually given a gift to a couple before; and b) what % of all gifts go to couples (as opposed to a single person) Okay, I'm not sure that an actual industry report is out there for this particular statistic Okay so this is only within the wedding realm you are looking for? No, not only within wedding realm. So we can look at the entire gift-giving realm then That was just the only relevant stat I could find so far Yes that is correct Okay, this is going to take some digging on my part. It won't be easy to find and we may not have a report dedicated to these kind of statistics. What I can suggest as a start is to look at a resource that focuses on nothing but statistics. It is called Statista and can be found here:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?s=100438&q=statista Ok great. I will take a look at it.  Can you give me your contact information so that I can get back to you on what I find? Sure: jgivi@andrew.cmu.edu. I really don't want you to spend a lot of time on this if you don't think it will turn up anything, so if nothing seems to be out there, no need to dig too deep! I was able to find this summary or a larger Gifting Market report by a company called Unity Marketing. It may not have the exact figures you are looking for, but does give an overview of the market as a whole. I'm attaching it now No worries! I have no problem looking into this a little bit.  Unfortunately, we won't be able to get that entire report from Unity Marketing because we don't subscribe to their product. I can give you a couple of other resources to check as well Thanks for the contact info! Ok great. &amp; Thank you! :) My name is Ryan by the way...pleasure to meet you virtually Another resource that may turn up some stats on this is called Passport: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?s=100438&q=passport They focus on a lot of consumer product market research. There may be an article/report of relevance Sorry, I was checking out that report! Super intersting. interesting** I'm Julian, nice to meet you as well! Thanks for the second resource as well. No problem! I'm going to check in a couple more...do you have time to hang around for a few minutes? Yes definitely. Thanks! Great! Here's another quick summary of the "e-Gifting market" as well. May contain some useful info:  Still looking around in some other resources. Thanks for your patience No problem, thank you! These are all really cool reports. Good deal! Glad they are helpful. Okay, I was able to find one very large report that we subscribe to that has a short chapter devoted to gift giving. It looks like there are some useful statistics within it as well...especially some wedding-specific content The problem is that we can't download just that short chapter...have to download the whole thing. I can try and send it over this chat mechanism and we can see if it works If that attachment did work, the Gift Giving section begins on pg. 205 That works. Wow. I'm amazed that the industry puts all these together. Great! So much information! Yeah we have some pretty decent resources. The problem with this industry is that it isn't as cut and dry as some of the others...so finding some of those particular statistics become difficult Hopefully, these have helped a little. I do have to run at the moment because I have another appointment coming up at 9:30 Ok thank you so much for all the help! I can continue to do a little digging if you'd like? No problem at all! My pleasure :)( If you have some free time, I would absolutely appreciate it. If not, the information you gave me thus far is great! Either way, have a nice day, Ryan! Okay, sounds good. You have a wonderful day too, Julian! Pleasure meeting you again What is the time frame on your research out of curiosity? Indefinite. I'm a doctoral student and this is just one of a many ongoing projects I am working on (and it is in the very early stages)! Okay great! Sounds good. Again, have a wonderful day :) you too!

Hello - I'm a reference librarian at GT Law in DC and I'm preparing a presentation for Carnegie Mellon students who are studying in DC this semester on legislative history and legal research.  (Their prof is an alum from GT Law &amp; he wants to introduce them to a law library/legal research.) hi I noted that Carnegie Mellon has ProQuest Congressional - does that include Legislative Insight? If so, I'd like to show them how to use it for legislative history research &amp; let them know they have access to it &amp; help using it at Carnegie Mellon. No, I don't believe it does-it's "just" Proquest Congressional-hearings, legislative history,  ok - that's still really helpful for leg research! I did make a guide for policy research-let me see if it helps identify what we have in that area.  I just discovered the subject category we made in our A-Z database list Law/Legal has disappeared....something to investigate after this chat!!~ lol - that always happens! If this helps (it may not, more policy): http://guides.library.cmu.edu/policyanalysis I'll be happy to include whatever is avail at Carnegie Mellon for them We have HeinOnline databases ...you know, if you give me your email, I'll be happy to note what we have in this area and do screen shots-chat doesn't let me do that.  Sure - roj2@georgetown.edu Rachel Jorgensen Thanks for your help! This way you could get a really clear idea of what we have (e.g. which HeinOnline dbs), etc. Thanks so much! That's perfect!   I think it will be the easiest way! Hope it helps! :-) While we don't have a law school, we do sometimes get law questions, we also rely on U of Pitt's law school library down the street.  We don't have WestLaw, for example. That's good to know - I'm going to explain how proprietary the law databases are Yeah...really!! LOL!!  I've just sent you email with our law/legal resources, with screen shots so you can see what they actually have access to.   We have laws, hearings, really don't have cases per se. Got it! They should have more than enough access for what they're working on - Great!  And while I'm sure they can get access to better stuff there, just as an FYI, all can access these databases remotely-we use EZ proxy so they just need to logon with their Andrew user IDs and passwrds. Just curious, Rachel, which prof is this? Fred Crawford I'm not sure if he's an adjunct Don't know him....ah-there he is in our directory-staff with our CMU Washington Semester Program!  This is the first time we've gotten this request And this is the first time we've gotten any type of question re the Washington Semester program.  I sent you an email with ways they/you/etc can contact us-chat (duh) we also have a reference email huntref@andrew.cmu.edu and while we don't have a librarian liaison to that particular program, they can also email me if need be.  We're happy to help whenever we can. Great!  I'll let you know how it goes (scheduled for next Monday evening)  Hopefully it will encourage them to work with you all Awesome!  I'll be interested in hearing the outcome. Thanks for all you're doing for our students! I'm sure you have enough on your plate with your own GT law students. They're on spring break this week, so it's worked out kind of perfectly. Excellent-our spring break too!  Thank you again for your help!  Have a great day - You too, Rachel, you have a good day as well!

Hi. I need help in research Hi What can I help you with? I am currently in Business Communications [70-340] and my team and I need to perform research for our project. And we are trying to sell a product that will help farming in 4 countries: Uganda, Congo, Kenya and India OK-I'm going to transfer you to the business librarian-he's on chat right now-just a second. Ok thank you You're welcome! hi! This is Ryan! How are you? Hi Ryan. I'm fine thank you. How are you? I would like to receive some help in my research for Business Communications [70-340] I'm doing well, thanks :) Okay, how can I help My team and I are trying to pitch 2 agricultural products that will help farming in 4 countries: Uganda, Congo, Kenya and India The 2 products are a seeder that will help sowing seeds in farms, and a trailer that will help farmers transport crops However, in order to pitch these 2 products, we need to first understand farming practices in these 4 countries So for the seeder, we need to know how farmers currently plough and sow seeds And for the trailer, we wanted some research on road conditions in Kenya, Congo, Uganda and India, and also what are the primary means of transporting harvested crops. We could not find much information online, so we wanted to know where we can find information regarding this. Okay, thanks for explaining all of that information.  And the reason we need this information is that we need to pitch these 2 products to a start-up and so we need to show how these products will be feasible/improve farmers' lives Have you looked in any of the library's business databases yet? Yes. But we could not find information on farming practices Did you check in the two business literature databases by chance? They are Business Source Premier and ABI/INFORM Erm so i am not sure what databases I checked. But I might have missed them out. So let me try again I am doing a quick search within Business Source premier right now No worries! Let me get you the links to those databases Do you have access to the class Library Research Guide by chance? If not, here it is: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/70-340 Yes i do Great! You showed us the website in class That's right. Let's take a quick look in the Business Source Premier database search for these two terms (one in each box) farming practices AND uganda ok Did you get a list of 9 results? There may be some relevant information in some of these articles yes Okay, make sure to check the box that says Full Text on the left so that you can get the articles right away So, try and repeat this practice with the other 3 countries as well. Ok i will look at them. Thank you I think that your best bet is to search these literature databases for this type of information because it is your best shot at getting this type of information. There are other options for road conditions and infrastructure Hold on one second Ok. Thank you Yes I will repeat this for all 4 countries Okay great! For the infrastructure/road conditions question. You may want to check these same two resources using the methodological approach that we just covered So for example, "road conditions" AND India OR infrastructure AND Kenya Now, another database to consider for this is Business Monitor International. This has country-specific reports and articles It can be found on this research guide: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries Within that guide, look for Business Monitor International in the "Industry Overviews" box It's a little tricky to navigate so maybe we should go over quickly if you have time? Ok sorry I was looking at all the results No worries at all! I think I got the hang of it I just did some searches on Business Monitor INternational Awesome! So, it may be easier to use the "Browse by Location" tab because you can target a specific country that way Within BMI I mean Ok that is what I did. Thank you. Yea I will use these 2 databases to search for what we need And I will let you know how it goes Btw my name is Varun Prakasam and I thank you very much Ryan for helping Sounds good, Varun! Pleasure chatting with you Let me know how it goes. If we need to meet in person as well, I'd be more than happy to do so Actually, let me check one more thing for you if you have time I may have found a resource that will give you a quick snapshot of the road conditions for each country and it is a freely available resource It is called the CIA World Factbook: https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/ You can select different countries from the drop down lilst Oh wow that will be great Once a country profile is loaded, go to the transportation section and look for "Roadways". This will give you a quick snapshot of the total paved vs unpaved roadways  Again it's just a quick figure, but could be useful in an overview Okay I just saw it. That helps. We can do a ratio of paved to unpaved roads as an overview Thanks once again Right, that's what I was thinking as well. And in Uganda's case, this could be very eye-opening You are most welcome! Thanks for taking the time to reach out to us.  If you have any further questions, you can get in touch with me at rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu Thank you for helping. Okay I will reach out to you in a few days if I have lingering questions. Sounds good, Varun Is there anything else that I can help with?

Hi, I need the EZProxy URLto the library.  I'm using Papers app 3.2.8 to manage my literature review Hi. I will try to locate that for you ... one moment. thanks This should be it:  http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/  Let me know if it doesn't work.  I'm Matt Marsteller at matthewm@andrew.cmu.edu if we get disconnected Let me know if does work as well.  :-) ok thanks! Any luck? Nope. But I'm reinstalling the app to see if it works  Ok ... I'm messaging our IT guy for help. It seem like Papers app doesn't have access to internet :( That seems odd ... they highlight that feature of being able to search library databases.   Does the maker of Papers have a chat box or email help address? If it gets too aggravating, consider using Mendeley or Zotero.  I'll send you a link ... http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/tools I know both of them work, but in a different way.  When you're in a library database, it's easy to save records to them.  They also work from an article's web page as well. There is a comparison of bibliographic management tools at:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/CitationTools Sure, I've used Zotero for my first paper, but my advisor bought tPapers license for the research group, so she is expecting us to used it I see.  That trumps everything. But I will make my case for Zotero then! Thanks! Best of luck.

Hi, does the library have an archive of GSIA/Tepper magazines? and if so, how far back does it go?  I'm looking for articles, hopefully with photos, about a PhD alumnus from the mid-1960s... Hi If we did have any, they would be in the University Archives-let me get you the contact info. http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/archives This collection contains the papers of the Tepper School of Business (formerly called the Graduate School of Industrial Administration, or GSIA) whose purpose was to build on the technical skills of individuals in management positions by providing the communication and analytical decision-making skills the they needed to be successful in business. Included in the collection are theses, annual reports, administrative records, publications, brochures and videos.  Tepper School of Business Records (1947-2013) http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/http://doi.library.cmu.edu/10.1184/pmc/FindingAids/1982.1 Thanks so much! You're welcome! They have GSIA magazine 1988-2004  and Tepper magazine 2004-2013.  Also something called Novus (sorry, not familiar with that) 1964-1980. Ok, I'll look for the Novus.  I have a few stray copies of that here from the '70s...  If you need additional help, don't hesitate to contact our University Archivist, Julia Corrin.   http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/archives Thanks, i sent her an email :)

Hello! Hi IÎ‚m looking for an iternational standad, ISO 16000 Okay ...  I've tried the search and find, but maybe there is a university wide subscription for ISO standards..? Not for ISO standards, but ... if we don't have it ... it can be requested.  For reference, I put together a guide on standards at the university at:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/standards   I hope you find it helpful.  Let me look at the situation for your standard. It's possible that it was already requested and that we already have access ... one moment. Okay ... this appears to be a multipart standard on indoor air.  Do you know which part you might need? Here is a link to records of the different parts of the standard.  It will be a good place to start.  You may wish to right click on this and open it in a separate window so that we don't lose contact.  http://www.techstreet.com/searches/9638442 I'm also going to check out the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh's holdings ...  It doesn't appear that the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh has the standard that we seek. So, if we can figure out which part(s) of ISO 16000 that you need, we can order it for you.  They're a bit expensive, but the library has a small amount of money dedicated to purchasing standards each year. Hi ... are you still with me? Hi.  The chat has been inactive for quite some time, so I'm going to close the discussion.  You can reach me at matthewm@andrew.cmu.edu if you need to discuss obtaining standards.  I did note an IP address that is not affiliated with the university, so it's possible that I won't be able to help obtain the standard if you're not a member of the Carnegie Mellon University community. All the best.

Hi  Hi I am looking for Vapor Deposition Market by Technology (Chemical Vapor Deposition, Physical Vapor Deposition), by End-user Industry (Microelectronics, Cutting tools, Industrial &amp; Energy, Medical, Decorative Coating) Š—– Global Trends &amp; Forecast to 2019 I see.  That's a very specific market research report.  We do have a fair amount of this type of material, let's see if this is available (or at least something a lot like it).  These things can be dreadfully expensive. I need it for a proposal I am drafting An older version might work as well I'm guessing that this was found via a general  Internet search?  Correct? thats correct Ok.  Let me share where I'm starting out.  Our Business and Economics librarian maintains some great guides for us.  You may wish to open the URL I'm about to send in a new window.  One moment. okay http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper I am there in the Tepper Ryan always suggests that people start with the Industries tab for market research. Why don't you look at the Industries tab while I explore the report that you identified. Sure..  Okay ... it's from Markets and Markets and has a price tag in excess of $5,000.  Unless we find it in our resources, it may be financially out of our reach.  So, let's see what we can find in Ryan's suggested resources... I am looking there It seems there is stuff I can get my hands on from there Yes, we spend a good deal of money on them, so use them a lot.  :-) I'm currently poking around IBISWorld and used the phrase in quotes "chemical vapor deposition."  Note that the reports that crop up will be similar in nature to what you were originally looking for.  The key will be finding the report that meets your specific needs. I would strongly recommend reaching out to Ryan Splenda directly so that you can learn from him in depth (if you have the time).  (412) 268-2453, rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu I am looking into bcc research Sounds good! IBISWorld's Semiconductor Machinery Manufacturing in the US might be of interest, but it's missing the global scope.  I'll try another resource. I found one report with a global scope in MarketLine ... but chemical/physical vapor deposition would at best be a market segment. Thanks in marketline I will check it out I'm trying Frost & Sullivan.  Whenever I find something there it seems to be quite helpful. Frost & Sullivan looks primed to help you out quite a bit.  See what you think. what is the link or the key words Sorry.  Phone call.  I used "chemical vapor deposition" okay  "Physical vapor deposition" results are numerous as well (some overlap).  You may wish to use the British spelling vapour as well. ... or plain old "vapor deposition."  How are the Frost & Sullivan results looking? I am looking for IVD of aluminum  Trying to find those numbers is hard IVD? Ion vapor deposition Its part of CVD Oh .. okay.  I could have figured that out.  Sorry. Maybe using aluminum AND ion AND "vapor deposition" as your query might help in Frost & Sullivan. I had sent an email to Ryan Splenda and he feels Frost & Sullivan and BCC Research were the two most promising sources for you.  He would be glad to help all that he can.  He's at home sick today, but you can reach him via email. How about the term ... aluminum coatings? Specific title:  Emerging Trends in Aviation Coatings    [in Frost & Sullivan] Aluminide coatings? Are you have some success at this point?

Hi - I'd like to obtain the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Data 2010 Š—– 2014, 2016 Edition pdf copy if possible. How could I go about requesting such a thing through the library? Hello! We have up to 2008 but nothing after that I think! Hi! Did you find this information through our website? Yeah My cmu library search function -fu might not be that great though No worries. Let me see what I can dig up in our catalo catalog* Thanks! no problem. Might be a minute or so Okay, based on our catalog, it looks like we don't have any versions of this publication Are you looking for general tourism statistics for specific countries? We may have a comparable resource. If you go to this link: http://www.rkma.com/cmu/tepper/  There is a publication at the bottom called "Travel & Tourism Market Research Handbook" that may be usefl useful* It is a large pdf (some 690 pages), but includes a lot of statistics on the tourism market Thanks! The National Travel & Tourism Office of the US Government also houses some statistics on tourism both inbound and outbound from the US: http://travel.trade.gov/outreachpages/inbound.general_information.inbound_overview.asp ah crap do I have to be on the cmu vpn to use this? For example You may have to use the VPN Sorry for that inconvenience Are you out of town? Yeah I'm a tepper student at his summer internship and the internet in the office doesn't permit VPN access I guess I'll go home and download it ahh I see. Would it be possible to try from home? Oh okay Also, let me introduce myself as I am the new Business & Economics Librarian here at CMU: Ryan Splenda I'm mostly looking for a breakdown of how many people from each nation visit a tourist destination Oh you're the new Roye! Welcome to the family! Haha, I am! And thank you! I'm thinking the ITA Government website may be of use to for those stats I see will the 690 page PDF have that information perchance? Let me take a quick look Thanks, I appreciate it. I'm mostly looking for information regarding Asia Okay. The "International Travel" section begins on page 68. Looking at it now Okay there are sections devoted to US travelers to interational destinations Are you looking at it from that persepective? I can't spell today--apologies Are you still there? Sorry! i had to go talk to my boss No worries! I was more for how many Thais went to Japan or Malaysians to Singapore I'm sorry if this is a pain I see. I'm thinking that those statistics may have been represented best in the first resource that you mentioned. Unfortunately, we don't seem to have it. No pain at all! Maybe those individual countries have travel/tourism departments that keep  track? Is your internship here in PGH? No, it's in New YOrk So the 690 Pager probably wouldn't have it? Would it be possible to put in a request for the first resource I mentioned? ahh i see. It looks like the 690 pg report doesn't break it doesn't that specifically and it mainly focuses on the US Is it in New York City? Yes it is I can check their public library to see if they have a copy The cmu library did obtain a 2008 copy so there is a precedent i feel http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-proquest_statistical_2008_2970_S12 I'm about three blocks away from the public library as well haha Ahh...the record you sent seems to be in a larger database that isn't the book itself Let me check Thank you. No problem! Okay, the database that that record came from is called ProQuest Statistical Insight: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=p&q=statistical%20insight There are a lot of statistical yearbooks within it, but it doesn't look like the Yearbook of Tourism Statistics is one of them Curses However, I did a search for "tourism statistics" and "asia" and got a list of some specific countries within asia that give historical statistics to other countries. Example, there is a publication called the Thailand Statistical Yearbook that has a section completely devoted to tourism Yes I'm seeing that I guess I may have to go looking for individual country records I took a quick look and it does give a breakdown to other countries not the lumpsum my lazy soul was hoping for but it's a definite start That seems to be the best I can offer at this time. I'm sorry :( haha And the NY public library doesn't have a copy? No you've been a great help While I do have you - I noticed that when I try to connect to Hoover, it sometimes redirects me to a Hoover login page past Shibboleth my andrew ID and tepper ID do not seem to work I can check Can I have your name since we've gone this long and haven't yet asked haha It usually happens after I've been in Hoover for some time but neglect it oh sorry my name is Daniel Ham no worries and I'll be a second year this coming fall in Tepper's MBA program Pleasure to meet you virtually, Daniel that's awesome! Yes definitely a pleasure Ryan I actually assumed you knew who I was because I thought the system had redirected me to you by being logged in I guess it was by chance I was tlaking to the Business and Economics librarian then? haha yes it was by chance. I happened to be logged on to chat right now :) Oh I see well it was a nice coincidence then. yes it was! Okay, I'm not having luck with NYPL But for some reason they have the Spanish version of that book for 2016 interesting... http://browse.nypl.org/iii/encore/record/C__Rb11155907__Syearbook%20of%20tourism%20statistics__Otitle__U__X0?lang=eng&suite=def As for Hoover's, I am on campus right now and directly logged in and had no problem I don't have a way of testing it off-campus until I get home So you were saying that you logged in with your Andre ID and password and it still wouldn't work? I'm wondering if there is a blocking mechanism enabled since you are at your internship? no I'm on the guest wifi with my personal computer the only block I've seen so far is the vpn block which is understandable I'll try to replicate it at some point and send you a screenshot or something when it happens again And yes it took me past shibboleth to a Hoovers login page Could it be that you let it set idle for awhile and timed out? oh I see interesting I think it did time out Can you refresh the page and try again? Sorry for all the questions lol but when I closed everything and went back to the CMU database landing page and tried to get in again Oh I haven't tried to access it today but it happened three days in a row It's not especially urgent Okay, I can definitely try when I get home tonight and see what happens. There shouldn't be a login required. I'm hoping it's just a temporary glitch yeah I hope so Anyway Thanks for all the help, Ryan I hope to talk to you again this fall No problem. Sorry for the length of time. I'm hoping that some of the data in Statistical Insight is useful Yes, looking forward to it :) although I have a feeling I might talk to you again before that in the near future as I have been asked to research another industry and the types of IP's they have Please, feel free to do that. My contact info can be found here:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/prf.php?account_id=103421 Okay, sounds good!  I'm always happy to help in any way that I can  Thank you again And have a great night! No problem! You do the same!

Hi Hi How can I help you? Would you be able to help me find some materials as I am unsure where to look. What do you know about what you're looking for? I tried calling but no answer from reference dept. I am looking to see if I can find any recent industry analysis / reports on the bicycle industry. Either US or Global These are typically trade focused reports where they talk about trends etc and report on growth type numbers Ah!  Okay.  I know the first place we ought to start.  In a moment, I'll share a link with you.  Right click on it and open it in another window so that we don't lose contact, okay? ok great thanks! Here is the Business and Economics Librarian's Industries page:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/industries ok Where would we start? In the center box there are a number of databases with market research reports and other related literature. ok - any suggestions of sources you think will be particularly pertinent ? Let's each try one and see what we can find.  This at least gives us a short list to work from.  If you are concerned about taking too long, our best person to talk to is Ryan Splenda, our Business and Economics Librarian. Hmm... Why don't you start with IbisWorld.  I'll look for another. ok will do not bad but it is very high level summary. I am looking for something a little more comprehensive probably a stand alone report I tried First Research Industry Profiles ... I'm getting a broader report on fitness equipment. Have you looked at the different tabs that are across the top of the report? yeah I am scrolling through those... To be more specific I am interested in bicycle component manufacturing.... Ah ...  I've tried the report from IbisWorld for Bicycle Dealership and Repair, thinking that might get into at least the repair parts.  Looks a lot like the other report. yeah I tried that too.  I am trying ABI/INFORM Collection Ok ... we might try to find the right NAICS number for parts manufacturing for bicycles ... if we can. good idea Web site is sloooow it is a little. By the way I am Andy adjunct faculty over in DC. This is Matt (ECE, Math and Physics Librarian).  The NAICS code ... 336991 Motorcycle, Bicycle, and Parts Manufacturing  - they've got bikes mixed in with mopeds and motorcycles!  Not good. aghhh! Yeah ... I had a bit of a potty-mouth incident.  Apologies about your Capitals by the way.  We really wanted the Penguins to win though. A small amount of the right stuff:  http://clients1.ibisworld.com.proxy.library.cmu.edu/reports/us/industry/productsandmarkets.aspx?entid=856 Bicycles and related parts Lots of repeat information.   Let me try another database. I wasn't thinking of high technology.  Perhaps you'd find Frost & Sullivan interesting.  Nanotech for bike frames  stuff like that. i will look at the frost and sullivan reports but they are mor ehigh tech I'll try some more... thanks Seemed to strike out with Marketline. I've tried to see if Ryan Splenda would have a chance to answer an email...  One more idea. Do u think its worth me setting up time for a 1-2-1 as I see you can request a research consultation With Ryan?  Absolutely!  He's a pretty awesome business librarian. I was kind of striking out too before I reached out. Do you want me to give you my cell number or email and you can maybe speak to him. My other idea was to try using our discovery tool ... now I'm realizing that 3-D parts manufacturing would even be having a big impact on parts.  That was one of the first things that came up. yes exactly.... we are looking at how modern manufacturing processes create a huge opportunity to bring back high end component manufacturing from Asia Sure, I would gladly pass it along.  I think he might be in Toronto at a conference for business librarians at the moment, but he might be back. 99percent are bow made in Taiwan/China andrewr2@andrew.cmu.edu  301.828.8858 If you can pass that along that would be awesome my name is Andy Richman I'll be sure to pass that along then.  Try the discovery tool.  That's the main search box on the library's main site ... i cannot see that i am on the main library.cmu.edu and still cannot see it It's the Everything Search Box  Or, you could use Articles & More. Everything will lead you to Articles & More though ... And at least one of the ebooks looks interesting. can you send me link Look for the search box in the big splash of blue:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/ Dark blue. It usually kind of sucks for business searches, but this might be an exception. Actually, maybe only the top few hits were good. And some of them might be to market research reports outside of our normal holdings.  The $3,000 plus type of reports. Yes exactly. Its some of these crazy expensive reports I want to try and put my hands on. I presume I cannot access any of these through cmu library? Some perhaps, if you recognize if they're something like Frost & Sullivan or BCC Research.  If not, Ryan does deal with questions like this a lot (and finds alternative information).  You should at least get a table of contents. Ok so let him have my details and say it will be much appreciated Could u send me the link to that ebook cannot find it Sure.  One moment.  Oh!  It's actually a video look at the Brampton bike plant:  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1780073 So you know - I am actually British and Brompton are an incredible company You might enjoy the video then ... part of our new streaming service "Kanopy." There is a HUGE bicycle renaissance in UK and I am working on doing it here too. I have some CMU folks helping me on this...! Good!  Bikable and walkable work for me. Too bad I have a 20+ mile commute.  :-( Can i download from Kanopy? 20 miles is nothing...! ;) I get tired driving to work! Kanopy streams the video to you ... it ought to be fine with a fairly normal internet connection. I would hope that it wouldn't buffer a lot.  I'd be disappointed. Watch the video yourself and then sell the car and buy a Brompton much cheaper and you will be as fit as a fiddle Ok I going to get out of here. Don't tell my wife! Thanks for your help! Hope Ryan can contact you soon. cheers Andy bye Take care

12:16 me I sought Matt Grossmann, Artists of the Possible, on Cameo on line, under the Author category. Response was no such holding. I sought then under title, Artists of the Possible. I found it in the collection with call number, although with author's name listed as Matthew Grossmann, not Matt Grossman. Took the book out, and the book itself, title page for instance, lists author as Matt Grossman. So I'm asking you, out of curiosity, how these two inconsistencies between Cameo and on-the-ground reality may have occurred. John Modell12:16 librarian Let me check.12:17 me Thank you.12:21 librarian Let me give you two cataogs: CMU as12:21 librarian  Artists of the Possible : governing networks and American policy change since 1945 by Grossmann, Matthew. Published 2014 Š—“...867715740...Š— Located: Hunt Library - STACKS-2 (Stacks 2nd Floor) Call Number: JK275 .G77 201412:23 librarian and OCLC under responsibility has Matt. Artists of the Possible : governing networks and American policy change since 1945 / Author(s): Grossmann, Matthew. Publication: Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, USA, Year: 2014 Description: x, 249 pages ; 24 cm. Language: English Series: Studies in postwar American political development; Variation: Oxford studies in postwar American political development. Contents: Chapter 1: The Insularity of American Policymaking -- Chapter 2: Aggregating Policy History -- Chapter 3: Does the Issue Agenda Matter? -- Chapter 4: The Long Great Society -- Chapter 5: Issue Politics and the Policy Process -- Chapter 6: Explaining Policy Change. Standard No: ISBN: 9780199967834 ((hardback)); 0199967830 ((hardback)); 9780199967841 ((paperback)); 0199967849 ((paperback)); National Library: 016654325 LCCN: 2013-31288 Abstract: "Policy change is not predictable from election results or public opinion. The amount, issue content, and ideological direction of policy depend on the joint actions of policy entrepreneurs, especially presidents, legislators, and interest groups. This makes policymaking in each issue area and time period distinct and undermines unchanging models of policymaking"-- SUBJECT(S) Descriptor: Political planning -- United States -- History. Policy sciences -- History. POLITICAL SCIENCE -- Public Policy -- Social Services &amp; Welfare. POLITICAL SCIENCE -- History &amp; Theory. HISTORY -- United States -- 21st Century. Policy sciences. Political planning. Politics and government Genre/Form: History. Geographic: United States -- Politics and government. United States. Note(s): Includes bibliographical references (pages 233-240) and index. Class Descriptors: LC: JK275; Dewey: 320.60973 Responsibility: Matt Grossmann. Vendor Info: Coutts Information Services Ingram YBP Library Services YBP Library Services (COUT INGR YANK YANK) Document Type: Book Entry: 20140103 Update: 20160301 Accession No: OCLC: 867715740 Database: WorldCat Previous record12:31 me Might we each save some time if we shifted to ordinary e-mail? The chat seems to take many minutes to swallow what you're pasting into it. This is, as I said, only a matter of curiosity to me (about how the library works), and has no urgency about it, except insofar as curiosity is a somewhat urgent frame of mind. My e-mail is exigent@andrew.cmu.edu. if you'd be OK with shifting to this.

hello i am looking to speak with somebody regarding the use of your bloomberg terminal for research

Hi, can general public access Hunt Library?  I'm looking for a short review or description of thrillers published since 1985 for a research project? I'm considering to use Library Journal as the reference for this. Is there a better way you recommend? Thanks. 

