Do we have access to the Safari e-book collection from the publisher O'Reilly? I thought I heard a mention of Safari when I attended the library's Research Resources and Management Tools talk last week. yes we do please email sciref@andrew.cmu.edu for more detail. OK. I'll do that. Thank you very much! i am checking to see if they are listed on our databases A-Z Oh, I see it there good :) anything else? That's all. Thank you again! you're welcome

Hi I am looking for some help on understanding pricing/licensing strategies for Office365 can you help? Hello! Can you explain your question a bit more?  Are you looking for research or scholarly writing on this topic? articles that analyze the startegy Microsoft is adopting (this is less technical but more business strategy question) not sure what you mean by scholarly writing That's helpful and yes, I think this falls into the 'scholarly' realm.   oh got it What resources have you already searched?  For example, have you tried any of the library research databases? I just did not want you investing time on technical product offering  i am using this link to search for news article http://search.proquest.com.proxy.library.cmu.edu/usnews/results/2ACD564045754877PQ/1?accountid=9902 Right--that's exactly what I was trying to distinguish :) awesome any analyst reports etc, on the topic will also be helpful Can you send me the title of the article you just send the link to?  That link isn't working for me. (office 365 licensing) AND (strategy, pricing) these are the keywords I typed in proquest Okay great--this is helpful.   sure ping me if you find something nice or email on my tepper id quick clarification if I see some reports on thomson reuters or D&amp;B, can i download that? Not necessarily.  Thomson Reuters (do you mean Web of Science?) is a database that allows you to search abstracts and other information about articles, but whether or not you can get the full text depends on what we have access to. oh in which case if you can help me get analyst reports on Office 365 (from Microsoft) that would be very helpful As for D&B, I have a feeling we wouldn't necessarily have access to all of those reports. at time brokers come out with detailed reports on Office 365 to analyze its success, gaps etc True--unfortunately those reports tend to be extremely expensive are often not available to libraries via institutional access. However, we do have access to some reports and databases that have a lot of this type of information. I'll send you a link in a moment to a research guide that might be helpful. cool This guide gives you a great overview of all of the business resources we have:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/tepper This might be a more targeted search strategy to try in some of the databases:  "office 365" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") ABI Inform and Business Source Complete are two databases that might be helpful. Or you can broaden the search to:  "microsoft" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") This article is a bit old but might be useful:  http://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=buh&AN=43233191&site=ehost-live could not open last link can you share in pdf?  It's from 2009--here's the abstract:  The article examines the pricing policies undertaken at Microsoft Corporation, the developer and manufacturer of computer software. The central focus of the article is the fact that Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft's chief executive officer, has advocated significant price reductions in Microsoft products. The article reports that the decision is part of a plan to accept lower profit margins but an increase in overall profits. Let me know if that seems useful and I can email the PDF. yes Great--what is your andrewID? mchadir I'm also sending a 2016 Microsoft financial analysis that might have some useful information. awesome I would just try searching ("microsoft" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") or variations of that in Business Source Premier and ABI/Inform--both databases are linked to from the box "News Sources and Research Articles" on the left-hand side of this page:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Is this a longer term project, or is this information you need quickly? more quickly not longer term Okay--I was going to suggest getting in touch with Ryan Splenda, our business expert, but I believe he's out of town at the moment. maybe if the project continues, I can touch base with ryan as well The email didn't go through--do you use cmu.edu or andrew.cmu.edu? strange - can you send on personal id?  menka1805@gmail.com I'd perfer to send these to a CMU email address, since these are really only available to CMU affiliates.  Are you currently a student or faculty member? student You're affiliated with Tepper? mchandir@tepper.cmu.edu this id should work Great--let me try that. got it please continue to send reports that you think are helpful :) thank you Okay--those are the two that I was quickly able to find.  Like I mentioned above, I'd recommend trying those search strategies in I ("microsoft" AND ("pricing strategy" OR "licensing strategy") or variations n Business Source Premier and ABI/Inform--both databases are linked to from the box "News Sources and Research Articles" on the left-hand side of this page: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies cool Unfortunately, I have to run to a meeting I can't be late for.  Would you like to chat with another librarian to continue working on this? i am good for now then let me try some of the searches myself Great--but don't hesitate to get back in touch if you're still struggling to find what you need.

Hi! hi How can I find an index of Secretary George P. Shultz congressional testimonies or at least for the ones we have on proquest I'm not sure what you mean by index.  If he testified in Congress, it would be in Proquest Congressional, which can be searched in a number of ways.   okay. what would be the best way? I have been just typing congressional testimony George P. Shultz In Proquest Congressional, in the advanced search, you can select witness as the field and then enter the witness name. let me look into this a little more I see. Thank you. But I'm looking for him as a speaker OK-I need some clarification.  Do you want him as a witness in hearings before Congress? no. not as witness The Congressional Record is what is said on the floor of Congress (with cngressmen being able to edit remarks later). Other than that, there are hearings, with where people give testimony as witnesses before Congressional committees. okay, thanks! Let me review it, and I'll get back to you with better questions We have access to both. I'm really confused! It's complicated, so it's important to know what it is you want-what are you working on? I am tracking Secretary Shultz speeches that would include his speeches before congress It might be helpful to look at a biography or two of Shultz-it's possible there might be some info in the bibliographies about this. thank you we have this: 
BOOK
Available
Turmoil and triumph : my years as secretary of state
by Shultz, George Pratt, 1920- Published 1993
Subjects: Š—“...Shultz, George Pratt, 1920-...Š—
Located: Hunt Library - STACKS-2 (Stacks 2nd Floor) 
Call Number: E840.8 .S535 A3 1993 You don't have to read the whole book-look at the table of contents, index, and any special lists of info in the back.   ok! thanks, that was very helpful

Can we get access to this paper: https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/product/1020007-robot-operating-system-ros-and-open-source/ ? hello let me check with what school/department are you affiliated?  I can get you the librarian contact who can help with this. I am with the Institute for Software Research, Computer Science Department, working under Josh Sunshine and Claire LeGoues. Ok, I can forward your request to sciref@andrew.cmu.edu or you can email them directly.  Which do you prefer? Go ahead and forward my request, that'd be great.  I'll need your contact info (email) dwidder@uoregon.edu (I'm a summer Research Intern) great .. I'll forward this and someone should contact you soon. or actually, use dwidder@andrews.cmu.edu Anything else? Nope.  Thank you! yes, great .. they'll receive your request and respond to you at the above email.  Thank you and have a great day.

Hi, I have a question about the Hunt library. Is there anyone who might be able to help? Hello How can I help you? i'm an RA and i work with a professor at the Heinz college. recently, we've been running a research project in the UC. but participation is slow and i'm looking for other places around campus that might work. basically, we've had a table and two computers, having people take surveys i was wondering if anyone ever does anything like that at Hunt. i see in the 25Live system that there is space that can be reserved, but it looked like computer lab space I don I don't quite understand what you want to do? Gather people for a study? There is a computer lab in the basement that is also a classroom. So maybe that is what is in 25Live. The library doesn't "own" that space. no, what i'm wondering is if i would be allowed to set up a study in some space to run a study Unfortunately, I am probably not the right person to ask. You probably should talk with our business manager, Ignatios Alexander. http://www.library.cmu.edu/about/people/ignatios-alexander okay, thanks. i'll contact them. Good luck.

hello! could you please help me find hi Article:
Young guns.
Journal:
Wallpaper (London)
ISSN:
1364-4475
Date:
11/01/2012
Issue:
164
Page:
64 Ok, did you check e-journals? I think so I checked articles and more and it came up, but when I clicked on "GET IT AT CMU" it seemed like it wasn't available ok, we only have it from 90 days ago online, so let me see if we have it in print okay, thank you! we have it in print http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/561659 on the third floor shelved alphabetically great! find 2012, then the pages you need, then copy anything else I can help with? would you be able to help me find another item? yes! Article:
Rubchinskiy: hip priest!
Author:
Thawley, Dan
Journal:
Arena Homme Plus
ISSN:
1353-1972
Date:
12/01/2014
Issue:
42
Page:
150 Ok, let's try to find it together  on the library page, can you see where it says books and more? yes select that, then advanced search, then type the ISSN number and pull down the menu to ISBN/ISSN Did you find it? hm, I got "no results" ok, then we must not have it .. I am guessing you checked e-journals, right? I also checked pitt, they don't have it .. so you'll have to use interlibrary loan's ILLiad  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request it just says no electronic holdings available it usually takes 2-3 days to get it .. they'll send a pdf copy oh okay thank you sure .. anything else? no, I think that's it just a quick tip: if you are searching a database or the library, look for a way to focus results by "full-text" may save you from having to figure out if we have a copy, but ONLY use if you need an article urgently .. sometimes articles not in full-text can be a better source, right? yeah thank you!

I have a quick question - about how many volumes does your library system have (total)? hi Working on a research project that involves this information you can find this question in the university factbook let me get you the link Thanks, I've actually been looking through the fact book - do you know which particular section? http://www.cmu.edu/ira/factbook/facts2014.html yes, let me double check .. I want to say education .. hold on Just found it in the teaching and academic support section Thanks for your help! It's in teaching and academic support - http://www.cmu.edu/ira/factbook/pdf/facts2014/teaching-and-academic-support.pdf

hi  hi I need a paper to download for which it seems like the library does not have access to can you help me to get the paper from any other source  	Z. G. Guo, L. Q. Pan, H. M. Qiu, M. Y. Rafique, S. Zeng, "Micromagnetic Simulation of CoFe Magnetic Nanorings: Switching Behavior in External Magnetic Field", Advanced Materials Research, Vol. 710, pp. 80-84, 2013 this is the paper I am talking about ok-let me double check the citation. sure  Yeah, we only have that journal from 2015->present, but you can get it by filling out an interlibrary loan form.  We'll find a library that has it and get a copy for you . I'll send the link in a minute http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting You'll want to use the ILLiad service. okay .. I am requesting for it If you've never done it before you'll need to register, a quick process yes, I havent done this before can you please register me  no-you need to register yourself.  Very easy and quick process-just want your name, address, email, dept. etc-basic demographic stuff sure  I am doing that Excellent!  You should get your article in a few days Thanks a lot have a good day  You're very welcome! You, too! :-) :)

Hi - I'd like to obtain the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Data 2010 Š—– 2014, 2016 Edition pdf copy if possible. How could I go about requesting such a thing through the library? Hello! We have up to 2008 but nothing after that I think! Hi! Did you find this information through our website? Yeah My cmu library search function -fu might not be that great though No worries. Let me see what I can dig up in our catalo catalog* Thanks! no problem. Might be a minute or so Okay, based on our catalog, it looks like we don't have any versions of this publication Are you looking for general tourism statistics for specific countries? We may have a comparable resource. If you go to this link: http://www.rkma.com/cmu/tepper/  There is a publication at the bottom called "Travel & Tourism Market Research Handbook" that may be usefl useful* It is a large pdf (some 690 pages), but includes a lot of statistics on the tourism market Thanks! The National Travel & Tourism Office of the US Government also houses some statistics on tourism both inbound and outbound from the US: http://travel.trade.gov/outreachpages/inbound.general_information.inbound_overview.asp ah crap do I have to be on the cmu vpn to use this? For example You may have to use the VPN Sorry for that inconvenience Are you out of town? Yeah I'm a tepper student at his summer internship and the internet in the office doesn't permit VPN access I guess I'll go home and download it ahh I see. Would it be possible to try from home? Oh okay Also, let me introduce myself as I am the new Business & Economics Librarian here at CMU: Ryan Splenda I'm mostly looking for a breakdown of how many people from each nation visit a tourist destination Oh you're the new Roye! Welcome to the family! Haha, I am! And thank you! I'm thinking the ITA Government website may be of use to for those stats I see will the 690 page PDF have that information perchance? Let me take a quick look Thanks, I appreciate it. I'm mostly looking for information regarding Asia Okay. The "International Travel" section begins on page 68. Looking at it now Okay there are sections devoted to US travelers to interational destinations Are you looking at it from that persepective? I can't spell today--apologies Are you still there? Sorry! i had to go talk to my boss No worries! I was more for how many Thais went to Japan or Malaysians to Singapore I'm sorry if this is a pain I see. I'm thinking that those statistics may have been represented best in the first resource that you mentioned. Unfortunately, we don't seem to have it. No pain at all! Maybe those individual countries have travel/tourism departments that keep  track? Is your internship here in PGH? No, it's in New YOrk So the 690 Pager probably wouldn't have it? Would it be possible to put in a request for the first resource I mentioned? ahh i see. It looks like the 690 pg report doesn't break it doesn't that specifically and it mainly focuses on the US Is it in New York City? Yes it is I can check their public library to see if they have a copy The cmu library did obtain a 2008 copy so there is a precedent i feel http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-proquest_statistical_2008_2970_S12 I'm about three blocks away from the public library as well haha Ahh...the record you sent seems to be in a larger database that isn't the book itself Let me check Thank you. No problem! Okay, the database that that record came from is called ProQuest Statistical Insight: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=p&q=statistical%20insight There are a lot of statistical yearbooks within it, but it doesn't look like the Yearbook of Tourism Statistics is one of them Curses However, I did a search for "tourism statistics" and "asia" and got a list of some specific countries within asia that give historical statistics to other countries. Example, there is a publication called the Thailand Statistical Yearbook that has a section completely devoted to tourism Yes I'm seeing that I guess I may have to go looking for individual country records I took a quick look and it does give a breakdown to other countries not the lumpsum my lazy soul was hoping for but it's a definite start That seems to be the best I can offer at this time. I'm sorry :( haha And the NY public library doesn't have a copy? No you've been a great help While I do have you - I noticed that when I try to connect to Hoover, it sometimes redirects me to a Hoover login page past Shibboleth my andrew ID and tepper ID do not seem to work I can check Can I have your name since we've gone this long and haven't yet asked haha It usually happens after I've been in Hoover for some time but neglect it oh sorry my name is Daniel Ham no worries and I'll be a second year this coming fall in Tepper's MBA program Pleasure to meet you virtually, Daniel that's awesome! Yes definitely a pleasure Ryan I actually assumed you knew who I was because I thought the system had redirected me to you by being logged in I guess it was by chance I was tlaking to the Business and Economics librarian then? haha yes it was by chance. I happened to be logged on to chat right now :) Oh I see well it was a nice coincidence then. yes it was! Okay, I'm not having luck with NYPL But for some reason they have the Spanish version of that book for 2016 interesting... http://browse.nypl.org/iii/encore/record/C__Rb11155907__Syearbook%20of%20tourism%20statistics__Otitle__U__X0?lang=eng&suite=def As for Hoover's, I am on campus right now and directly logged in and had no problem I don't have a way of testing it off-campus until I get home So you were saying that you logged in with your Andre ID and password and it still wouldn't work? I'm wondering if there is a blocking mechanism enabled since you are at your internship? no I'm on the guest wifi with my personal computer the only block I've seen so far is the vpn block which is understandable I'll try to replicate it at some point and send you a screenshot or something when it happens again And yes it took me past shibboleth to a Hoovers login page Could it be that you let it set idle for awhile and timed out? oh I see interesting I think it did time out Can you refresh the page and try again? Sorry for all the questions lol but when I closed everything and went back to the CMU database landing page and tried to get in again Oh I haven't tried to access it today but it happened three days in a row It's not especially urgent Okay, I can definitely try when I get home tonight and see what happens. There shouldn't be a login required. I'm hoping it's just a temporary glitch yeah I hope so Anyway Thanks for all the help, Ryan I hope to talk to you again this fall No problem. Sorry for the length of time. I'm hoping that some of the data in Statistical Insight is useful Yes, looking forward to it :) although I have a feeling I might talk to you again before that in the near future as I have been asked to research another industry and the types of IP's they have Please, feel free to do that. My contact info can be found here:  http://guides.library.cmu.edu/prf.php?account_id=103421 Okay, sounds good!  I'm always happy to help in any way that I can  Thank you again And have a great night! No problem! You do the same!

Hi, I'm trying to find some source materials about the Westinghouse Plant in East Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.   I tried a search of Westinghouse Electric, East Pittsburgh, PA, but it did not provide any info specifically about the East Pittsburgh location. hi Are you a student at CMU? I'm a staff member but am taking a history course currently. What type of source material are you looking for?  We don't have any at CMU. I might be using the wrong term.  I'm looking for books/articles about the plant, specifically, the one in East Pgh.  I think it was the first plant that Westinghouse established. I'm writing a paper about the borough of East Pittsburgh and the role the WEstinghouse played during that time in history. Oh-that's totally different from source material, in the history world.  Source material is often meant as archival material...original sources from the day. I was using the wrong term.  Sorry. No problem...actually Pitt has some "source" material-e.g. http://digital.library.pitt.edu/cgi-bin/f/findaid/findaid-idx?type=simple;c=ascead;view=text;subview=outline;didno=US-PPiU-ais198916 Let me look at some databases and make a recommendation There are very few articles in our prime history database "America: History and Life."   Using the Dissertations and Theses databases got me a much more, 221 hits,  with the keywords East pittsburgh and westinghouse in the advanced search.  You could make this more relevant by limiting the terms to abstract, perhaps. Many would have the full text right there.  It's really difficult to find articles on really local history, such as East Pittsburgh (that's why they sometimes make good dissertation topics!) Could you send me the link for the dissertations/theses database?  Would I have access to it? Both databases I mentioned are listed on our Database page.  go the the libraries' homepage, and click on Search and Find and you'll see the link for Research Databases. I am finding it difficult to find info, outside of jubilee, biecentennial, and other events that East Pittsburgh celebrated and had a "book" made for distribution to the community folks.  I was fortunate enough to get a loan of that from a former EP resident. Yes, those are the things people tend to write about.  OK, thanks very much for your help with this.  Much appreciated.   Sadly, we don't have an online database of Pittsburgh Newspapers, other than the Pittsburgh Courier (an African American newspaper, but still may be helpful) Here is a guide that may help you as well: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/pittsburgh I can get some info on archived papers via the Post-Gazette's web sit.  I really appreciate your "leg work" here--it should prove helpful.  You've given me some great leads. Good! Glad to help! If East Pgh has a local Carnegie Library, they may be a good source as well. I'm going to email this chat to myself so I have the sources. Sadly, I don't think EP ever had a Carnegie Library; if they did, it is no longer there.  But I think there is one in the area that may have some info about EP.  Have a great day and thank you again. And those 2 articles in America: History and life may also have bibliographies that can lead to other sources. You're very welcome! Have a nice day  :) You, too! :-)

Hi, my name is Alex I am doing a research project for my English class 76-101 and am having difficultly finding articles on a particular subject.  hi alex This is Ethan .. what are you looking for? I am looking for anything arguing that Shakespeare is over analyzed but specifically that the Witches in Macbeth are, I am not sure if books or articles on this topic just dont exist or I'm doing something wrong well .. which section is this? who is your instructor?  this will help me figure out what the focus of the class is My professor is Bowman I am in section F it is about Macbeth  One of the issues you have is that your "topic" is not really a topic or a question per se .. to figure out this, you'd have to "count" how much has been written .. I just don't know that someone would write a scholarly article about this. Have you run this across professor Bowman?  To see if you could approach it differently? For example, I can certainly help you find articles that analyzed Macbeth one thing you might be able to do is to see if all the analysis centers around the same theme .. but that's going to be a huge topic for the purpose of your class (since you have to exhaust everything out there). Yeah I understand, I talked to her but havent told her yet that I can't find articles to support my claim yet, I might need to adjust it, I was looking for evidence to support it isnt of just cite a bunch of arguments that do what I'm arguing against  But yeah I understand not a lot people would argue against analyzing it I was just hoping I was searching wrong  Ok, but what are you building your argument on?  Why do you think that it has been over analyzed?  What evidence or research do you have from what you've read? We have course readings for our class by Bloom and Bristol for example that make their own argument by using the Witches and their importance in Macbeth, but stretch it a lot, I'm arguing that by doing this they are taking away from the actual meaning of Macbeth  But so far my arguments center around showing how these other authors stretch meanings and over analyze things to support their own claims, I would like something that supports my claim as well ah .. ok .. now we're getting somewhere ..  A better approach would be to look at how it is analyzed and see if there are other authors argued their representations ah ok  so .. what databases have you used? Can I continue this disscussion over email?  Just the libraries search  oh .. you need to check out Literature Research Online hold on .. let me get you a link ....  Alex .. where'd you go? ah .. there you are .. here's the link - http://go.galegroup.com/ps/start.do?p=LitRC&u=cmu_main&authCount=1  do you have time to come and chat about your research in the next couple of days? we can do this much faster in the office I'm still here I apologize, I unfortunately have a 1:30 class, yes I do that would be great Absolutely, when is a good time for you  tomorrow? after one pm or before 10 am? Tomorrow I am free from 10:30-2 and 4-5:20 I am on campus as early as 7:30 after 1pm - 2 would be great are you able to make it at 11 a.m.?  I am not available after 4 ... Yeah 11 is fine  Great .. do you know where my office is? Nope 109B Hunt Library .. next to the GCC .. but if you don't .. just have them call me from the lending desk and I'll come and get you Ok great thank you so much, see you tomorrow  ok .. see you tomorrow :)

Hi, are you available? yes I graduated from MSIN in 1998/1999, and I need to have a copy of my graduate Thesis. I see that it's available on the library catalog, but I cannot access it. Can you help? This is the link: http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/591805 My name is Roy Laurens The link if for the record in the catalog only, the thesis is not online.  Let me check and see if it's in another db we have. I was checking Proquest's dissertations and thesis database, but I don't see any in there by Roy Laurens.  Did you by any chance submit it to our Research Showcase? I don't remember. I'm sorry I don't even remember if I submit it or not just a minute please thanks wait Where exactly are you? are  \ I am in Orlando, FL I am not local ARe you in school-affiliated with an educational institution? What we need you to do is to place an interlibrary loan request, from either an educational institution/library you are affiliated with OR via a public library.  Then we will send you a copy (probably digitally) to fill that request. Not in USA. I teach remotely to a University in Surabaya, Indonesia. They are the one that requested my Master's Thesis so I can get accredited in the country If you aren't affiliated with a school library, any public library should be able to place an ILL request for you.  I thought you said that you are in Orlando fl?? Yes, I am teaching remotely I will contact my local library then If you are in Orlando, there should be a public library that can place an interlibrary loan request for you what information should I give to the librarian? The link you gave me should have all the information you need to place the ILL request.  Go to your public library, and tell the librarian you need to request an item via interlibrary loan.  Bring all the information from the link you gave me with you (the catalog record for your thesis).  This should be all the information they need to place the request with us. OK, thanks a lot for all your help! You are welcome! If you need additional information on this-email hl82@andrew.cmu.edu.  This is the email address of our interlibrary loan office.  They can also be reached at 412-268-3030. ok. thanks again. Glad to help!

Hi, if a book's call number is PR5774 .T5 2009, which library is it located at?  Or how can I learn about the location of a book? hi if you look it up in our catalog - you'll see the location at the bottom of the page.   however I see for that book that it's at our Qatar library. I'm sure we have other editions here, though - the Time Machine is a classic.  I'll get some for you if you can wait a minute http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/206820 - this edition has one copy in offsite storage - if you "place a hold" on it, it can be here in 24 hours it's also available free online since it's out of copyright - would you like a link to that?  (Are you still there?) Oh, thank you. I actually need the extra articles in that edition. So I will just look for other sources. Thank you though. There could be other ways of getting those articles - would you like help with that? Oh I will try it out myself first. I salute you! We're here if you need us. Thanks : ) you're welcome :-)

Hello. Does CMU have access to the IBIS World databases?  hi Yes, we provide access to IBIS World.   Go to the Libraries' homepage, www.library.cmu.edu, then  Search and Find, , Research Databases, then I for IBIS World Thanks.  You're welcome.

Hi hi I'm looking for an article in this journel http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/436382 vol 1-2 1983 the website states it's shelved by title Does that mean CMU has it? or I would need to go through interlibrary loan The link you gave is from the libraries' catalog, which is the material that CMU has.  Yes, vols. 1-2 are on the shelves in the Engineering and science library in Wean Hall. No need to go through ILL. Great thanks! Do you know the location in the library? You are very welcome!   Have great day!  Yes-library is in Wean Hall, on the 4th floor . As you come out of the elevator, it's to your left. let me know if you need a map of CMU to find Wean Hall oh, I mean where is the journal inside the library? Is there a call number that I can use to find it? oh-sorry!! It will be in the periodical section, shelved alphabetically by the title of the journal. there will be people in the library -as  you enter, that can help you find it. okay great! Thank you have a nice day You're welcome-you have a nice day, too! :-)

Hi, I have a quick question. Sure! I am a CMU alumni.  I'm wondering if alumni can gain access to electronic resources, such as journals? You can only do so, by visiting our campus in person and getting a temporary pass issued.  I wish this weren't the case, but we're bound by contract with regard to what we can do. So, if you're on campus we can help you out. Alright.  That's OK Hopefully your public library has some good digital resources. Well I am in DC, so it doesn't work.  Do you have any other ideas regarding accessing journals? It would be worth checking with the local universities to see if they allow visitors temporary access. UDC would likely provide what access they could. ok Hmmm ... not sure ... I would think the District has a public library. yes.  but do public libraries have journal subscriptions? It would be worth getting a library card.  Do you live in the district or commute? in dc Let me check quickly... ok http://dclibrary.org/      Here is their web site.  Let me look around a bit. alright At a first glance, I don't see a lot of engineering and science stuff, but other areas seem to be dealt with fairly well. What kind of journals were you hoping to be able to access? more social science Ah ... you maybe be better off then ... I would imagine the general public in that area has a stronger interest in social science than the normal community. i'm not seeing on their website how to access journals Take a look at their list of databases.  Some will have full text journals within them. I haven't found direct access either.  I'll keep looking. hold one ... info coming ok I just got off the phone with the DC Public Library ... They do have access to a couple of databases that we felt might be a good match for your needs.  I'm hoping that you'll be able to access them remotely with your library card number (if you don't have one, they're easy to get). The first would be Expanded Academic ASAP.   It's a lot like the ProQuest database that we had at Carnegie Mellon. ok The other that I spotted was Social Sciences Full Text. nice this is helpful, thanks From there home page ... use the Research tab and choose databases. Then you can apply the Social Sciences filter to locate the Social Sciences full text database quickly... We found Expanded Academic ASAP under the "General Reference" filter. great Also, if you know particular journals that you're interested in, use the WorldCat database to locate libraries in the DC area that would hold them. That might help you to locate an academic library that is convenient to you that allows local on campus visitor day passes. cool The public library can likely get you a lot of stuff via Interlibrary Loan ... but there might be a charge. good idea Is there an academic library near where you work or live? yeah, there are several.  i was hoping to be able to remotely access journals.  i guess the interlibrary loan is an ok idea hopefully the dc library will work Remote access to the public library is common.  Unfortunately the academics will be restricted in what they can provide via contract. not following Academic library licenses usually state that only current students staff and faculty can have access. right ok We pushed the issue a bit by saying that in person visitors temporarily join our community. Some universities do pay extra for certain databases for their alumni.  Maybe the alumni group should push for that? would be nice I will mention it to our Dean of Libraries.  I'm not sure if they're thinking about it or not, but it can't hurt to know that we have alumni that would like it. Is there anything else that I can help you with today? i think that's it.  thanks Hope the public library databases work out! me too

Good Morning.  I'm in the Dept of Psychology and am trying to track down a dissertation from 1960.  Does Hunt have any microfilm/copies of dissertations that go back that far? Good morning.  We may have it in Dissertation & Theses @ Carnegie Mellon, the database.  Did you check there? What is the title of the dissertation? The database is listed under research databases.  Here's a direct link - http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 If you'd like, please let me know what title you're looking for so I could look it up I don't have a title, all I have is the author's name William Pare.  Can you look it up through that?? sure .. I'll check .. and you're sure about the year? Give me one second to check on that please. Does this sound right? THE EFFECT OF SECONAL AND CAFFEINE ON A VISUAL DISCRIMINATION HABIT AND A SHOCK-AVOIDANCE TASK
Pare, William Paul. Carnegie Mellon University, ProQuest Dissertations Publishing, 1960. 0227613.  Yes, the year is 1960, school is Carnegie Institute of Technology, Doctor of Philosophy, 1960, institution is CMU.  Also received an MS in 1960 from CIT, CMU. Sorry, the MS degree was in 1957. Ok, it is not available digitally .. Let me check for a print copy. Thanks so much--I really appreciate it! my pleasure .. one moment plz It is available in our storage .. here's the library catalog record where you can place a request - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/445014 you'll click on "place a hold", log in with your andrew ID, and select where you'd like it sent (Hunt, Sorrells, Mellon) you'll be notified when it arrives. Let me know if there's anything else I can help with.  This is great---do you have any idea how long it will take to get to Hunt? not more than a couple of days (not counting a weekend if you do this on a friday) That's wonderful!!  Thanks so much for your help.  I'm going to email this to myself so I can follow through with the request.  Have a wonderful day--you sure made mine wonderful!! glad I could .. have a great day as well :) Bye

Good morning! My name is Prashant Tambe.  Good morning Prashant! I would like to place a hold on the book: Creating Breakthrough Products: revealing the secrets that drive global innovation by Jonathan Cagan. Call Number: HF5415.153 .C34 2013 This is not something we can do for you-you must do it yourself, and you can only do it if the book is already checked out. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/594786 I see the book is available so placing a hold on it is not possible. Ok. Thank you. Glad to help.  If the book had been checked out, you certainly would have been able to do this.  With available books, i.e. books that are not checked out, it's whoever gets the book first. Got it! Thank you. You're very welcome.  Have a great day! (and stay dry! :-)

Hi, do you have a pay as you go copy service?  I leave a voice mail but not sure it was with the correct library.  I am looking for entries from a 1952 and a 1953 yearbook, The Thistle and would like to pay to get some pages copied is possible.   Hello! Hi, thanks for reading my email and apologies for the typos!   I do know that we have copies of The Thistle for those years at the Hunt Library no worries! Let me check to make sure we have those issues I see them in the oversized list on your catalog. But I am a law firm librarian in Washington DC and not a member of your library community.... Oh I see.  I'm fairly new, so let me check about this for you thanks.  Just a minute. Thanks! Okay, thanks for waiting It looks like we don't have a pay as you go copy service However, we may be able to send what you need via interlibrary loan. How large are the sections that you need? just a second, checking the email now. I think we just need to see if a person is in the yearbook for 1952 and 1953 and get his information.  We'd also need the cover page and the back of the title page (verso) of the book so prove the year.   I see. Well, I think the best option is to try and get scans of those through ILL. Do you guys do ILL? If ILL can't deal directly with me in private sector, I could ask my contact at a small research service to get in touch with them on my behalf? That is possible OK, is ILL on the FAQ  Yes, I will give you the contact info and the webpage great This page explains our ILL services. However, since it is from the CMU perspective (meaning someone from our community requesting from someone else), it may be best to email Andrew Marshall about your request. His contact information is on the right-hand side of the page http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting wonderful, thanks again for chatting with me!  and being so patient!  No worries at all! My pleasure! Thanks for reaching out to us, and have a wonderful day!

hi i'm interested in borrowing George Orwell's novel 1984 in audiobook format.   I found this entry, but i'm wondering, is this in a cassette tape format?  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/308234 Hi! Let me take a look at the record you have identieid identified* Okay, looking at the description of this record, it looks like this is a collection of 2 cassette tapes I can check to see if we have other formats Ok, that would be great!    No problem! Are you a current CMU affiliate? I have a CMU staff position in CIT Perfect! Okay, it looks like we don't have this available as an audiobook Would the print version work by chance? I can also check to see if the public library has it in audiobook format Are you still there? The Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh has multiple copies at different branches of 1984 in audiobook format. Here is their website: http://www.carnegielibrary.org/

Is it possible to search and access the 1967 Pittsburgh Press online? Hello!  Just a moment while I check on that for you. I'm still looking--bear with as I'm new here! Sure, not a problem! I'm not having much luck finding an online collection that would comprehensively cover the Press pre-1980. Is this something you need urgently?  If not, I can check with my colleagues tomorrow morning to make sure I'm not missing anything. Do you have it on microfilm? No it is not urgent Let me check. Looks like we do have it on microfilm at Hunt Library.  Here is the catalog record: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/433421/Description#tabnav Perfect, thank you! And welcome to CMU! Thank you!  I will check with colleagues about this regardless, just so I know what our newspaper coverage is for next time.  Would you like me to email you with what I find out? Sure. This is Prof. Laurie Eisenberg. My andrew id is Le3a. Great--I'll make a note of it, and if I find out we have a more accessible collection, I will be in touch.  Is there anything else I can help you with? Nope, not unless you want to come get dinner started :-) I hear you! Have a great evening! you too bye

Hi, does the library have an archive of GSIA/Tepper magazines? and if so, how far back does it go?  I'm looking for articles, hopefully with photos, about a PhD alumnus from the mid-1960s... Hi If we did have any, they would be in the University Archives-let me get you the contact info. http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/archives This collection contains the papers of the Tepper School of Business (formerly called the Graduate School of Industrial Administration, or GSIA) whose purpose was to build on the technical skills of individuals in management positions by providing the communication and analytical decision-making skills the they needed to be successful in business. Included in the collection are theses, annual reports, administrative records, publications, brochures and videos.  Tepper School of Business Records (1947-2013) http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/http://doi.library.cmu.edu/10.1184/pmc/FindingAids/1982.1 Thanks so much! You're welcome! They have GSIA magazine 1988-2004  and Tepper magazine 2004-2013.  Also something called Novus (sorry, not familiar with that) 1964-1980. Ok, I'll look for the Novus.  I have a few stray copies of that here from the '70s...  If you need additional help, don't hesitate to contact our University Archivist, Julia Corrin.   http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/archives Thanks, i sent her an email :)

Hi, I'm trying to get an e-book (http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1389846) but when I click on the button it says "Access denied." Hi Let me check into this okay thanks! maybe i need to be connected to a vpn?..  No, I can't get in either and I'm on the CMU IP range.  I'm trying to see if I can get in another way I tested other books and they come up.  then I went through the list of books, and this title doesn't appear there. http://cognet.mit.edu/books?page=13 Hmm maybe it's no longer available Here's the T part of the books under Neuroscience.  http://cognet.mit.edu/books/299?page=8  It's possible that they have removed the list from the database.  In order to verify that, we'd need to contact the vendor.  We often aren't told when e-books are removed from collections (or even when they are added!) Okay, I see. I'll see if I can get a physical copy. Thanks anyway!

Hi - I am a new student and wondering if I can locate a book by its call number through this website search? when i type in the call number nothing is returned on the search engine Hello That's a good questions. That option used to be available. I can look into it for you. What is the call number? it is "NX230.p83 2011" I need the name of the book - from there I can search the rest of the information Just a minute. thank you Is this it? http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1439884 yes that looks like it thanks a million - much appreciated You are welcome. The Browse function is pretty hidden. http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/AlphaBrowse/Home And I must admit a bit clunky. It worked best just searching NX230 and going from there. 

Hi there. I'm doing a research project on investigative work. I'm at the very beginning of the research stages, so I'm looking for pretty broad info. My professor suggested looking for meta reviews or investigation handbooks. Any idea of where I could find some of those? one moment I did a search in the library catalog on investigation handbooks and came up with this will this help you  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Resource/Results?lookfor=investigation+%3Bhandbooks&submit=Search  Thank you. These look interesting. Another question: I'm not familiar with "meta reviews". Do you know what they are?  I am not sure but I did search it and it give me this definition http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Resource/Results?lookfor=investigation+%3Bhandbooks&submit=Search Did you mean to send the same link? no sorry here is the correct one when I search meta reviews it comes up as meta analysis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meta-analysis Ok. Thanks for your help. you are welcome How do I search for reference materials only? If you do an advance search in our catalog you can limit it to  reference only I thought so, but can't seem to find the filter if you go to the library homepage and under search and find select books and more and then you will see the advance on the right Ok. I'm with you. But then what? Where is the reference filter? under location you can select reference ah, ok. Thanks you are welcome

I heard from CPDC that we could access hoovers though the library. How do we do that? Hi You can go to the Libraries' homepage www.library.cmu.edu, then search and find, then research databases. H for Hoovers. Thank you. Have agreat day You're welcome-you have a great one as well!

Hi, is there a specific link to access safari? Hi-let me check-just a minute! http://www.pittsburghpa.gov/police/crimestatistics.htm sorry-wrong link!! cut annd paste did not work!! gets me every time http://guides.library.cmu.edu/go.php?c=16654656 oh i see it now Finally (thanks for understanding).  It's in our list of Research Databases sorry about that.  should have looked closer.  thanks for the lp. have a good one! help* No problem!! Gald to help out-have a good day! :-) one more question Are CMU staff able to use the SEI library? both browsing and checking out resources? Yes, you can check out materials from the SEI Library.  Their books are, of course, listed in our catalog as well. k If you go to the advanced catalog search you can limit to sie library if you want. You'll need to show ID to get in great and their hours are more limited. M-F 8:30-4:30 oops-8:30-5pm: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/otherlib

Excuse me ,do your school have open access service(OA)? Thanks do your school have or pulish open access journals Hello Are you asking IF we publish our own open access journals or if we provide access to open access journals? own I am not aware of an open access journal published by our university. However it is possible a department might publish an open access title.  ok.do your school have open access repository? Yes. Our institutional repository is called Research Showcase. http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/unique/researchshowcase/search thanks You are welcome.

Hi how may I help you How can I find an article based on the name of the author? you can search an article by the authors name how are you searching I have used the search box here and I have used the advanced search on ebsco host also however, I want to find a study published by Donald Hebb in the American Psychologist and his name is not in the title of the study As such where can I put in the name of the author in the advanced search? one moment let me check still checking  ok hi hello I understand you're looking for an article by donald hebb? yes, I know its been published in the journal American Psychologist in 1957 but I still can't find it where did you get this information? I got this information from the Carnegie Skills Workshop Professor Well, let me look.  Just be patient-I'll be back! sure do you know the subject of the article or any keywords in the title? this is secondary article on the study done by donald hebb that I am trying to find http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/10/donald-o-hebb-effects-extreme-isolation Is this the one you want: one of Hebb's collaborators, in "The Pathology of Boredom," a 1957 Scientific American article describing the experiments.   or this: THE MOTIVATING EFFECTS OF EXTEROCEPTIVE STIMULATION
By:HEBB, DO (HEBB, DO)
AMERICAN PSYCHOLOGIST
Volume: 13  Issue: 3  Pages: 109-113
DOI: 10.1037/h0048220
Published: 1958 I believe I want the first one OK-let me get a citation for that Heron, Woodburn
Source:
Scientific American, 196, 1957. pp. 52-56. Note it's not by Hebb.   Here's an abstract of it: Reports experiments on human behavioral effects following prolonged exposure to a monotonous environment. Thinking was impaired, childish emotional responses appeared, visual perception was disturbed, hallucinations developed, and brain wave patterns were altered. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2012 APA, all rights reserved) Its alright, I will check it out Thank you very much Ok-but just an FYI couldn't find any 1957 article by Hebb.  If you find out this isn't what you want, maybe you could check with prof and come back with more info. I will do that thank you very much once again You are very welcome! Have a good day! :-) You too :) thx! :-)

Hi.  I just went to the Hunt stacks to look for a book, but I was unable to find it on the shelf - I found the space between two books where it would have been.  Now, I'm wondering if I can request the book. Here is the record: https://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/556322 hi Let me check something... thanks! OK-don't see any reason why it shouldn't be in the stacks (not recently checked out, etc.).  did you look around the area? a little If you've looked around a little, then what you can do is go to the Circulation desk, and fill out a tracer form.  Library staff will look for the book, and notifiy you if they find it. ok thank you You're welcome.  You can also see if a copy is available at a local library, or use EZ Borrow to get a copy from lib raries in the NE Good to know.  I'll try filling out the tracer first.  Thanks again. You're welcome! You know, I have to run upstairs.  If you don't mind waiting, I'll just take a quick look for the book. sure I appreciate it. OK!  Just hang loose, and I'll let you know when I get back. ok thanks Success!  Book is in my hand.  Just give me your name and I will put it at the Circulation desk for you to pick up awesome Stephen Gifford Do you my Andrew ID or anything else? And where was the book relative to where it was supposed to be? no, just your name is fine.  They will hold it for you at the Circ desk for 7 days, after that, back to the stacks! It was about 2 shelves up from where it was supposed to be ok No, actually about 4 shelv3es up-forgot it should have been on the bottom (sigh...always the bottom or top) Ok.  Anyway, thank you very much for finding it.  I greatly appreciate it. Have a great day! You're welcome! Always happy to reunite a book and it's reader! :-)  Have a good day, too! oops-its reader!! :)

I have been reading Henry Hornbostel: An Architect's Master Touch by Walter C Kidney. It includes a request that information about projects that Hornbostel worked on that are not listed in the book should be reported through the following URL: http:www.library.cmu.edu/Research/ArchArch. That URL does not respond. Where can I send my information? Hi Let me take a moment to read what you've written .,, Ah!  Yes links do often go out of date.  My suggestion ... ... send your information to the liaison librarian for Architecture here at Carnegie Mellon. His name is Martin Aurand.  His contact information is ...  ma1f@andrew.cmu.edu
+1 412 268 8165 The page number of the book might be helpful as well. Sounds good. Thank you. You're welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today? No thanks. Have a good day then!

Hi, how do I access an ebook? hi it depends on the ebook .. where did you find it? on the library website, by searching it is called "The Cambridge Handbook of Multimedia Learning" Ok, when you clicked on the link for the title/book ..  you should see a full record ..  There's a link called "Online Access" you click on that link were you able to find/get to that book? I can find the book I don't see "online access" I see add to bookbag I was able to "export record" but not sure how to read what I downloaded no .. click on the book link .. do you see where the author, title, info is?  Online Access is in bold at the end oh yes :) got it is it best to view each chapter as a PDF? Once you are in the website of the book, you can view and download chapters (some times the entire book, depending on publisher) cool that is very helpful, thank you! it depends on your preference .. but yes, that's what I do .. anything else? no, thanks again have a great day. you too!

Hi hello how may I help? My name is Fatih, From Istanbul in Turkey I am doing a research and need some help

hi is someone there? Hi, yes, I'm here! hi!  im currently searching for a research article titled "Four-Year Follow-Up of a Meditation-Based Program for the Self-Regulation of Chronic Pain: Treatment Outcomes and Compliance." And found a link to it from the CMU database, however, there was no link to the actual pdf and content of the article  is there anyway to access the content?  let me check.  Not all of our databases provide links to full text.  If there is no full text right under the article, there is usually and Icon (sometimes called Get It, sometimes just called find html/pdf that you can click on to see if the full text is in another one of our databases. And if you don't see it, you can always go to our list of ejournals http://www.library.cmu.edu/find/eJournals to see if we have it.  This was the Clinical Journal of Pain, right?  No, don't see that we get that or have it full text in any of our databases.  So what you can do now is use our interlibrary loan service.  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting   Register, fill out a form and we'll find a library that has it and get a copy for you.  For journal articles be sure to use ILLiad...that's our interlibrary loan service.  thank you!! :D  filling out the form now You're welcome! :-)

Hi Hi What can I help with? I want to know if we as students have free online access to the New York Times. I saw there is an option, where they give you 24 hrs access, but you have to activate it every 24 hrs. Got it.  Let me check on that, pls standby a few moments yes Could you share with me where you are seeing the option for 24hrs access? I am able to find access to the most recent edition of the NYT through ProQuest Newsstream.   Here is the link to the page with the NYT:  http://search.proquest.com/nytimes/publication/2037333/citation/3CFB2751AA0E4014PQ/4?accountid=9902 To get to ProQuest Newsstream, you can go to the Library Homepage, then click on Research Databases under the main search bar. On the next page, click on "All Database Types" and then click "Newspapers" From there you can scroll down to Proquest US Newsstream

Hi, I am looking for a journal article that's not available through the library Ok- This is the name of the article: FOOD SELECTION BY GRAY-HEADED FLYING FOXES (PTEROPUS-POLIOCEPHALUS) OCCUPYING A SUMMER COLONY SITE NEAR GOSFORD, NEW-SOUTH-WALES Canyou give me the rest of the citation-journal article, vol. and date? Parry-Jones, K and Augee, ML (1991) . Food Selection by Grey-headed Flying Foxes (Pteropus poliocephalus) Occupying a Summer Colony Site near Gosford, New South Wales. Wildlife Research 18 , 111Š—–124.  thank you let me just check some things and I'll be back with some info for you thank you No, we don't have it and neither does Pitt, so interlibrary loan would be your option-have you ever done interlibrary loan before? i kind of need the article by wed... would it possible to purchase it on school's behalf? i don't know if that's possible That might be a problem.  ILL usually takes a few more days than that.  Are you going anywhere for Thanksgiving? yeah. Where? new york where in NY (big state!)  I can see if a library near you might have it.  Other than that your only option is to buy from site $25 Australian i see. i am doing a research project on wed that needs the artical article i guess the best option is to purchase it That's about it if you need it really quickly. If you don't mind waiting I can check something we need it quickly. :( thank you anyway though Doesn't seem like anyone in the US has it.  You know, if you want to check with ILL and see if they can get it quickly, the number is 412-268-3030.  But it sounds like buying it will be the absolute quickest way you can get it. oh wow, that's a truly rare resource! thank you, i will give them a call You're welcome.  I hope it helps. :)

hi hello how may i help? Who is the liaison librarian for Chemistry? Ah .. let me verify this, but I think it is Matt Marsteller ok is there a way i would be able to find that on my own for each department normally, yes.  They are listed on our website .. hold for the url .. but we are in transition and reorganizing .. so let me double check on that too ok here's the guide for liaisons by department .. http://www.library.cmu.edu/research/expert Ok .. for now, please email sciref@andrew.cmu.edu

Hi, I am trying to access an article from the journal Water resources research
20  1     1984-01-01
Title: Nonparametric tests for trend in water quality
Author: van Belle, Gerald Hi Let me see if we have that publication I wasn't able to find it on the CMU data base, but when I asked for interlibrary loan, they said it was under CAMEO, but I haven't been able to figure out how access CAMEO Ah okay. Let's see if we can clear this up for you Is the article from 1984? yes Okay, we only have electronic access to this journal from 1996-present, but let me see if we have it in physical form Thank you! You are welcome. Just a couple of minutes Still looking around, but it looks like we don't have the print format of the journal so far Would you be able to help me get an interlibrary loan, or help find another way to access it? I think I may have found it! I think our electronic access is wrong Can I walk you through how to get this? yes! that would be awesome! Great. First start at www.library.cmu.edu Then select the "eJournals" link under the blue search bar done great, now type in the name of the journal "water resources research" You should get a result that has a link that says "from 1996 to present in Wiley-Blackwell......" click on that link (this is where the error is on our end because it looks like we actually have access from 1965 - Present) done Great! Were you taken to the jounrnal's homepage? yes If so, select the section that says "Issues" under the title near the top done Great, now click "More" to get to older issues Then look for the year 1984 (which is Volume 20) done, and I have clicked on the specific article in issue 1 and am just waiting to see if I can access the PDF Okay great. You should be able to get it from there. I have it, thank you so much for your help! You are very welcome! That's basivally how to search for a specific article using the ejournals link basically* cool, thank you! You are very welcome Anything else I can help you with today? thats it, have a good day! You have a great day as well :) Thanks for contacting us

Hi, I think my account is locked.  what are you trying to do? renew a book? When I am trying to access to the dataabase. It gives me this error message:File missing: docs/suspend.htm Proquest and other database ok, let me check...you have a current Andrew acct, correct? yes kw25 did you try opening another database and get the same error? yes You might want to contact CMU help ctr about problems with your account: https://www.cmu.edu/computing/accounts/index.html since I don't have problems getting to database Are you off campus? yes Hmm, well try off-campus instructions http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus I did a search on line. Someone says that it maybe because the server think that I am a robot  Then I would report to: ul-ezproxy-support@andrew.cmu.edu. or trying downloading the VPN and use it to get off-campus access also available at the link:  http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/offcampus okay. Thank you. I think maybe because I download too much data with a short time, it thinks that I am robot.  What is the restriction for downloading articles?  ? Each database has its own restrictions.  For extensive mining, we have started a list of particular databases policies http://library.cmu.edu/research/tdm I can look into Proquest restrictions and get back to you by email. I saw the link that you sent to me. I am also doing data mining and need a lot of data.  Thank you.  OK any particular Proquest database?  Otherwise, I will email you back with additional info.  Donna Beck, Engineering Librarian Proquest  newsstand  ProQuest Newsstand this is the name ok...I'll see what I can find out and follow-up with email to you.  okay, thank you .

Hey Hi I'm searching for this book to check if there is a reserved copy in any of our libraries Cryptography &amp; Network Security Principles and Practices william stallings but I don't find any can you help me out with that sure-can you tell me what clas this is for (number)? 14-741 thx! Just a sec okay Don't see any books on reserve for that class-here's the link for reserve books: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/reserves Now I'll check the catalog okay I don't know what edition you need, but we have an e-edition that's 2012.  I'll send you the record any edition is fine if there is a reserved copy or copy that can be issued so sorry-=e-book had same title, different author :-( The editions we do have are checked out  http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/719556 but you could put a hold on them Here's a guide we have on finding textbooks http://guides.library.cmu.edu/textbooks I already gave a try, I thought I'll confirm with you once No problem-we're always glad to check for you there's also EZ Borrow or interlibrary loan can you do me a favor but you usually can't keep the book the whole semester Sure I ordered it through ezborrow already OK what favor do you need? and the status is being showed as shipped can you finout if they've received that? 10866759 I can't get into that information. You usually have pretty updated info on your EZ borrow account when was it shipped? Sep 7th It should be soon-do you knwo where it came from? You can give the circ desk a call and check on its status.  Usually we say 3-5 days (due to weekends) for delivery., so it should be soon.  Here's the # for the circ desk: +1 412 268 2444 but you will get an email when it's in. it says Printed At: UPITT hmmm well, no matter where it came from, should be here really soon,. today's the 4th day, and it usually takes 3-5. okay Thanks for all the information :) You're very welcome! Have a good day! :-) You too :) Thx! :-)

Hi, I have a question related to publication references, can I ask you? yes  how can I help? Thank you. The editor asked me to provide the city of some publicated books that I referred to  but I cannot find such information do you know any useful link of cmu library that can do such search? thanks The city for the publisher? Please supply the name of the city of publication for   Aki and Richards (2002), is their words yes, I suppose that refers to the city of publisher OK let me check.... and there are 4 such requests. but I found nothing of the city information online so the AKi & Richards was published by University Science Books?  I would just "google" each publisher for the city if you can't find that info in the actual book, so... do you think the actual book has that information? I just returned the book. if so, then I will borrow it again University Science Books, the city of publication--contact publisher:  http://www.uscibooks.com/ maybe Amazon will have that info...we can look...one moment... the link you sent is promising. let me look Is this the book:  Quantitative Seismology, 2nd Edition yes ok onto Amazon... http://www.amazon.com/Quantitative-Seismology-Keiiti-Aki/dp/1891389637/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1437420807&sr=8-1&keywords=Quantitative+Seismology#reader_1891389637 don't know if you will be able to open this link from Amazon i just opened it but I have another way to verify publisher where do you think is the city name of the publisher? Sausalito, CA but let me check one other source how did you find Sausalito CA? Title: 	Quantitative seismology /
Author(s): 	Aki, Keiiti, 1930-2005. 
Richards, Paul G.,; 1943- 
Publication: 	Sausalito, Calif. : University Science Books,
Edition: 2nd ed.
Year: 	2002 address for University Science Books on verso of title page in Amazon's record.   Also just verified citation for 2nd edition of this book by checking WorldCat database :( in the link you sent? I still have not seen those words. I have searched the page I will try the worldcat  oh well you can "Look Inside" a book on Amazon.  So, when I looked inside I scrolled down to the page (verso) before Contents  It lists publisher and address on this page. and the citation that I sent to you came from WorldCat. Title: Quantitative seismology / Author(s): Aki, Keiiti, 1930-2005. Richards, Paul G.,; 1943- Publication: Sausalito, Calif. : University Science Books, Edition: 2nd ed. Year: 2002 uh ! I see got it. I think I can handle the rest now :) thank you very much good!  Best Wishes! bye

Where is this book: Probabilistic graphical models : principles and techniques
  by  Koller, Daphne? I can't find it on the library system. Hello Hi! :) Please give me a moment to take a look for this book  Sure!  Thanks! It appears that book is currently checked out http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1326502 We have two copies, one of which is currently overdue. If you can place a hold on the book and it will be held for you when it is returned.  That would be perfect! Do you need my andrew ID ? I'm sorry, you'll need to do it yourself.  If you go to think link I sent you can see next to copy 1 is a hyperlink that says "Place Hold" If you click on that it will ask you to log in with you Andrew ID to place the hold I did it!  Thank you! Can you look for this book too?  LAURITZEN, S. (1996). Graphical Models. Clarendon Press, Oxford Sure. One moment It does not appear that we have that book in our collection. Although we do have some journal articles by the same author.  You can request the book through interlibrary loan if you would like http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting What department are you in?  Statistics and EPP both PhD student Great. You could also request that we purchase the book by contacting one of the librarians for EPP, either Sue Collins (sc24@andrew.cmu.edu) or Lynn Berard ( lberard@andrew.cmu.edu). Can I do that with both book? You can certainly ask. Since we already own 2 copies of the first book it may not be possible but you can inquire.  Is there anything else I can help you with? That's everything!  Thanks so much! Have a good evening! You too!

Hello! Are you there? I found a textbook (URL: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1041660/Holdings#tabnav). It shows it is located at Qatar Library. I wonder if I am able to borrow it at Pittsburgh? hello

Hi. I have a reference question - I'm trying to work on a paper on a Chinese poetry anthology Shijing (Classics of Poetry) and I want to see if there are materials on how the book was studied in 20th century (or earlier) Japan. Could you help me with it?  hi where have you looked so far? Also, are you looking for English materials or Chinese? I gathered some secondary sources on how the book was studied in China, but I wanted to do a comparative study, so I am trying to look for sources on how the book was studied in Japan I guess secondary sources in English would be good! ah .. ok .. I am asking because there are a couple of options for articles in Chineseor Japanese (if you read either language).  Anyhow, what school or department or class is this for?  I am trying to see if I can get you in touch with the correct librarian to set up an individual consultation if needed. Oh okay. I don't need any Chinese materials; but if there are any in Japanese that would be great too!  I'm not doing it for a specific class mostly just my personal research  Ok, do you have an author of the book you are looking for?  Also, are you looking at reviews of the books as well as other articles? Ah no...not particular an author's articles that I'm looking for. I guess some general surveys would be fine  And I guess since I'm research the reception of that poetry book Shijing in 20th century, I didn't see there would be reviews that I could use...? But you said in your question that you are looking to see how (classics of Poetry) was received? Ok, can you come to see me on campus .. it is easier to get all these questions answered in person, if possible. Ah yeah; sorry maybe I didn't explain it well - the book was written far before 20th century, it's an ancient book...So i'm looking for its reception in 20th century mostly It has a prominent reception in 20th century China, but I wondered about the situation in Japan, during the same period are you faculty, staff, or student at Carnegie Mellon?  I need to know so I can suggest some databases you can search. No I'm not. There's lack of academic sources in my public library, and i know CMU has an east asian language department so i'm trying to reach out through this I see .. the problem is you have to be on campus to use our resources.  So you can set up an appointment with me and I can show you some databases you can search (you'll need an ID).  The University of Pittsburgh, actually has a much better East Asian collections.  Have you tried contacting them? No i haven't...thanks for letting me know I would be happy to go the campus but it's actually not very convenient for me to go recently... Is it possible you helped me search some relevant resources and I could try to access to them later?  I will try .. can you please provide an email?  I will need to look and it will take time.  Also,  the ancient book you are researching, do you have a specific author for that book? my email - mrq613@sina.com  do it doesn't have an author  Ok .. I'll work on this and get back to you .. what is your name? the original chinese title is Shi jing, and it's usually translated as Classics of poetry Willow  ok .. xie xie .. n‰ ji’¾o sh’©nme m’_ngzi? xie xie! just Willow is fine~ ah .. ok ..  I will email then .. thanks

where can I find databases of newspapers like old new york times and chicago tribunes Hi! Let me double-check on this thanks! No problem. Okay, follow these steps: 1. start at www.library.cmu.edu okay done Great! Now click on the "Research Databases" link under the blue search box okay Now, change the drop down menu that says "All Database Types" to "Newspapers" Once you've done that, scroll down to the "H" section and there should be two links to historical newspapers of both the New York Times and Chicago Tribune great thank you so much! No problem at all! have a good day! Is there anything else that I can help you with? Thank you! You do the same :) no thank you!

How do I get access to wall street journal as an undergrad ? Hi You can just go to our homepage, Under search and find, select Research Databases, then "W" for Wall Street Journal.  homepage= www.library.cmu.edu do I have to be on campus for it to work? No! If you're off campus, you'll be prompted for your andrew user ID and psswd How do I access proquest? it asks me for a login or institution and you're accessing via our homepage? (procedure above-search and find, research databases, p for proquest)? yes no I selected W --&gt; wall street journal you know what -- nevermind i got it working Let me check-sounds like one of our links went south...OK! i had just clicked the wrong link no prob- we all mis click at one time or another ;-) Also--are you a student ? no, I'm a librarian-a faculty member here at CMU.  Why do you ask? Sorry I was just wondering who I was chatting with. Thank you for your time no problem.  There are several librarians who work chat. You're very welcome! Have a great day and don't hesitate to contact us again if you have a question. Of course, you too as well! :-) Thanks!

I am having trouble accessing an e-book.  what is title? Handbook of self-regulation of learning and performance ok let me check one moment possible that someone else may be accessing it...we allow 2 users at a time...but let me check further... More likely that it is a title that we need to remove from our catalog records So....I suggest that you request it via our Interlibrary Loan system: http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting ok thank you University of PIttsburgh Hillman Library has print copy --another option for you 
Title: 	Handbook of self-regulation of learning and performance / edited by Barry J. Zimmerman, Dale H. Schunk.
Publisher: 	New York, NY : Routledge, 2011.
Physical Description: 	p. cm.
LC Subject Heading(s): 	Self-culture --Handbooks, manuals, etc.
	Motivation in education --Handbooks, manuals, etc.
	Academic achievement --Handbooks, manuals, etc.
	Metacognition --Handbooks, manuals, etc.
	
	
Location: 	Hillman Library - General Collection
Call Number: 	LC32 .H36 2011
Status: 	Not Checked Out http://www.library.pitt.edu/special-borrower-card thanks

where can I find the newspaper databases Hi Is there a particular newspaper that you are looking for? new york times and chicago tribune and African american historical newspapers Okay, thank you, a couple of options... First, for all of our newspaper databases... You can go to the Library homepage, click on Research databases under the main search window... Then under the "All Database Types" dropdown, select Newspapers That will give you all of our newspaper databases. From there, you can see the African American Newspaper databases For the NYT, you can find that directly in the list of Research Databases i.e. navigate alphabetically to New York Times I'm checking on Chicago Tribune now... Okay, here is what I recommend for Chicago Tribune... Go to the Library homepage and select eJournals under the main search bar Type in Chicago Tribune in the main search window From there, you will find several options for databases with Chicago Tribune content, depending on the dates that you are looking for Does that help? Thank you so much! My pleasure, please ping back if you have any further questions. :)

hi--is there a way for CMU students off campus to access current articles in the Wall Street Journal (i.e. via a CMU portal or database)? hi yes, there is.  There is a link to the Wall Street Journal on the library's database list -http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php lovely, thanks. I'm new to CMU and don't know the best places to find links. just click on W - it isn't the same format as the WSJ online - just gives the text of the articles the library website of course :-)   www.library.cmu.edu "Research databases" are under the blue box.  Also check out the "Research Guides" on the right side. perfect--very helpful. Thanks! you're welcome!

Hello. Please, I am trying to access full text market research report (not PR newswire) "Nutritional Supplements in the U.S. 6th edition (it is dated - the 7th edition is out). Please can you assist?  hi hello let me check .. where did you look? CMU Libraries - I'm accessing offsite Ok .. is that the full title? 7th edition is published by Packaged Facts. I just need 6th edition. I assume it is more readily available. Proquest just has the same PR newswire article.  no .. these reports have to be purchased.  It doesn't look like we have it .. I am going to transfer this email to Ryan, our business librarian BUT you should also follow up with him via email (since he's not online now) .. his email is rsplenda@andrew.cmu.edu .. let me first check WorldCat to see what libraries have it.  It might be available from Univ of Pittsburgh thank you much Ok, not in WorldCat (only 3rd edition is but only in one library).  Check with Ryan via email I'll forward this to him as well .. can you please provide a contact? rvbinder@sei.cmu.edu - thank you. great .. anything else for now?

Hello hello how may i help? I am looking for a book called - Data Warehouse Toolkit by Ralph Kimball and Margy Ross Can you please tell me if that is available  The Data Warehouse Toolkit: The Definitive Guide to Dimensional Modeling, 3rd Edition
By: Ralph Kimball; Margy Ross http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1261750 This? No .. found it It's online here's the link - http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1492462 Ohhk can i get a physical copy too ? i don't know .. did you look at the library catalog? there are many editions and copies  but I can't tell .. if they are the same .. they seem to be try searching our catalog for Books and more by title Where else to search apart form this website ? Any other URL ? Well .. are you trying to see if we have it at Carnegie Mellon University?  If so, then the library website If you want to see where else it is available, there are many ways to do that you can look at Pitt's catalog (library.pitt.edu) you can try to look through EZborrow - here - http://library.cmu.edu/using/borrow/request you can search WorldCat (a database containing libraries all over the world) and is listed under research databases on our website so it depends on what you ultimately want to do Ok Sure . Thanks a lot for this information, I will search for it you're welcome have a great evening Same to you

Hi, hi  I am looking for a PhD dissertation by Chad Cummings in the Alan Russell group in Biomedical Engineering dept.  Do you know the year 2016 let me check one moment we don't seem to have a print copy but we can check http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 Dissertations & Theses at CMU--I am going to try to login now.... Dissertations & Theses is available via Library's Research Databases list http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php?a=d I am not finding it...perhaps too new.  I suggest you check with the Biomedical Engineering dept directly OK thank you for the help let me check one more source ok no sorry not listed on Dissertations Express.  Hopefully the Biomedical Engineering dept can help you thanks again

hi Hello I was trying to get access to this electronic item: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/552764 but the link https://ereserves.library.cmu.edu/reserves/eserkraut21.pdf is not found on the server when i try to open the link, I get "The requested URL /reserves/eserkraut21.pdf was not found on this server." I just tried it myself and discovered the same problem. Let me see what I can find out. thanks I am going to GUESS this is an old Ereserve that is no longer available. But let me double check. ok Unfortunately my colleagues who might know more about this are not available. If you'd like to provide your email address I can get back to you with an answer. sure my email is marynelv@cmu.edu thanks for checking Great. I will be in touch. 

Hello, Do you have all back issues of Carnegie Tech's yearbook, The Thistle? Hi! Let me double check, but I'm pretty sure that we have the physical copies  Here is a listing of all the issues that we have at Hunt Library: http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/206082 They are specifically located on the 3rd floor. We have from 1906-2008 Perfect! That is exactly what I needed to know Thank you so much for your help Great! No problem at all Is there anything else that I can help you with today? nope that's it. really appreciate it My pleasure. Thanks for contacting us and have a wonderful day! You too will do :)

Hi Mr. Ryan I had a question regarding my economics research Hello! May I ask who this is first? My name is Shaan Sharma im a freshman  is this ryan splenda Hello Shaan...good to meet you Yes this is he, although I'm not always on here all the time...just an FYI oh okay How can I help? I am researching labor economics in my free time and interest rates. not models but im researching and trying to make theory i wanted to know whether you could help me in refining the work if you are an expert in economics and also the publishing processes and how to create a work that is worthy of publishing I can definitely help with trying to find relevant information on your topic. You may have to talk with some economics advisors on the publishing process I've never published in economics, but can lead you to some top tier journals within that discipline Would you maybe like to set up a time when we can meet in person to talk about this more? sure would today evening work? Today is a bit tight for me. Would you have time tomorrow morning or on Wednesdat by chance? tomorrow morning works Great! I have some time between 9-10:30AM how about 11:00 oh okay I have a meeting from 10:30-11:30 and another one at 12 i can come by at 9:30 where would we meet Okay that works well. Would it be okay to meet in my office at 109C Hunt Library? Can I have your email address so that I can set up a calendar invite? Are you still there Shaan? yes sorry sure shantans@andrew.cmu.edu see you tomorrow at 9:30am at 109C at Hunt Library Okay great! I will send the calendar invite after this sure thanks looking forward No problem! Have a great evening you too Will do :)

Hi, I wanted to get the name of a book I checked out before. Do you have a way of pulling up our history for checked out books? hi No, sorry, we don't really have a way to do that. do you remember the subject/author, or anything about it? It was about math. I checked it out of the Wean library. It was a really old book. All I remember was that it was about mathematics helpful for engineers. I think the authors were also from an engineering school in Saudi, but I could be wrong. In either case, there are no records of any sort? You could try asking the librarians at E&S Library if they know what book you mean.   None of them are on chat right now, but here's the email address: sciref@andrew.cmu.edu Great, thank you very much!

Hi.  I am trying to find the date and publication information for a poem entitled "She" by Alice Walker.  Can you help me with this? hi do you mean the date of publication? Yes and where it was published--it is for a reference list  ok, so did you get it here at Carnegie Mellon? Walker has several publications of poems, but I can't see a table of contents for any of those published works.  And no, I did not get it here at CMU.  I found it online for a research paper I'm writing. and you are trying to find it online again?  Or does the online source not have the date?  The problem is that you need to reference the exact source you used .. so if you found the poem on the web, you would cite that and put "n.d." for (no date) - referencing the website OK, that is what I'll do--thanks very much you're welcome Have a good weekend. you too

HI, I'm trying to find the fund raising process of a startup called Theranos since 2003. It's a company valued $9 billion now, but I couldn't find the process and stages that it raised funds. Do you have some suggestions for where to look at? Thanks! OK let me see how I can help For company research, we have a guide.  I'm directing you there first since we currently don't have a Business Librarian.  Let me see what us I can find more specific to your question: http://guides.library.cmu.edu/companies Let me check further one moment I did a search for Theranos in the database:  Hoover's to get an industry overview... Thank you!  Found this report: http://www.pharmacist.com/report-shows-theranos-testing-plagued-problems Example of another report found in Hoover's search for the company:  http://mainenewsonline.com/content/16048014-theranos-could-be-offering-inaccurate-results-its-blood-testing http://khn.org/morning-breakout/cms-theranos-report-details-lack-of-quality-control-use-of-unqualified-personnel/ let me keep looking do you have this article?  http://fortune.com/2015/10/28/theranos-is-seeking-to-raise-200-million-in-new-funding/ Thank you very much! The first link mentioned something very useful to me, "an inspection report released by federal regulators on Thursday". How to find this kind of inspection report? I searched on  FDA website, but I didn't find such report I'm back...I had another chatter...let me check for the report in question...

I am the assistant to the CMU Treasurer, Jay Calhoun.  I would like to research some online articles, books, etc in the CMU Library.  How can I access to do online search?  Thank you. Just FYI all .. I am following up with Jay 

I sought Matt Grossmann, Artists of the Possible, on Cameo on line, under the Author category.  Response was no such holding.  I sought then under title, Artists of the Possible.   I found it in the collection with call number, although with author's name listed as Matthew Grossmann, not Matt Grossman.   Took the book out, and the book itself, title page for instance, lists author as Matt Grossman.  So I'm asking you, out of curiosity, how these two inconsistencies between Cameo and on-the-ground reality may have occurred.  John Modell Let me check. Thank you. Let me give you two cataogs: CMU as  Artists of the Possible : governing networks and American policy change since 1945
by Grossmann, Matthew. Published 2014
Š—“...867715740...Š—
Located: Hunt Library - STACKS-2 (Stacks 2nd Floor)
Call Number: JK275 .G77 2014 and OCLC under responsibility has Matt.  	Artists of the Possible :
governing networks and American policy change since 1945 /
Author(s): 	Grossmann, Matthew. 
Publication: 	Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, USA,
Year: 	2014
Description: 	x, 249 pages ; 24 cm.
Language: 	English
Series: 	Studies in postwar American political development; Variation: Oxford studies in postwar American political development.
Contents: 	Chapter 1: The Insularity of American Policymaking -- Chapter 2: Aggregating Policy History -- Chapter 3: Does the Issue Agenda Matter? -- Chapter 4: The Long Great Society -- Chapter 5: Issue Politics and the Policy Process -- Chapter 6: Explaining Policy Change.
Standard No: 	ISBN: 9780199967834 ((hardback)); 0199967830 ((hardback)); 9780199967841 ((paperback)); 0199967849 ((paperback)); National Library: 016654325 LCCN: 2013-31288
Abstract: 	"Policy change is not predictable from election results or public opinion. The amount, issue content, and ideological direction of policy depend on the joint actions of policy entrepreneurs, especially presidents, legislators, and interest groups. This makes policymaking in each issue area and time period distinct and undermines unchanging models of policymaking"--
	SUBJECT(S)
Descriptor: 	Political planning -- United States -- History. 
Policy sciences -- History. 
POLITICAL SCIENCE -- Public Policy -- Social Services & Welfare. 
POLITICAL SCIENCE -- History & Theory. 
HISTORY -- United States -- 21st Century. 
Policy sciences. 
Political planning. 
Politics and government 
Genre/Form: 	History. 
Geographic: 	United States -- Politics and government. 
United States. 
Note(s): 	Includes bibliographical references (pages 233-240) and index.
Class Descriptors: 	LC: JK275; Dewey: 320.60973
Responsibility: 	Matt Grossmann.
Vendor Info: 	Coutts Information Services Ingram YBP Library Services YBP Library Services (COUT INGR YANK YANK)
Document Type: 	Book
Entry: 	20140103
Update: 	20160301
Accession No: 	OCLC: 867715740
Database: 	WorldCat
Previous record Might we each save some time if we shifted to ordinary e-mail?  The chat seems to take many minutes to swallow what you're pasting into it.  This is, as I said, only a matter of curiosity to me (about how the library works), and has no urgency about it, except insofar as curiosity is a somewhat urgent frame of mind.  My e-mail is exigent@andrew.cmu.edu. if you'd be OK with shifting to this.

Hi, Can you help me to download this paper? Processes, information requirements and challenges associated with corrective maintenance in relation to indoor air problem related work orders http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Summon/Record?id=FETCH-scopus_primary_3723195732 I am not able to find a link to download for that. Thanks! hi In the articles and more search, we may or may not have the item.  When you click on the Get Button (blue button) it will give you retrieval options. If there are no links to full text options, that may mean we don't have the item.   From what I can see, we don't have this so you 'll need to do an Interlibrary loan request for it. OK, thanks, I have submitted the interlibrary loan for it Great-you'll be notified when it's available. Can you check this link? http://www.scopus.com/record/display.uri?eid=2-s2.0-84893525496&origin=inward&txGid=0 There seems to be a download button, but I am not able to run it in my machine It seems to need some document download manager run.  I also had to switch to Firefox-wouldn't download in Chrome version I had. You know, I don't believe we have that one either.  It only downloaded an abstract as far as I can see.  I'd do an ILL for that one as well. OK, cool. Thanks! You're welcome!

Hi I cannot find articles on the library page Hi. Tell me a little bit about the types of articles that you are looking for and I think I should be able to help. I am writing a research paper about SAT test so I typed in SAT test Okay. In the search box that we put in kind of the center of the library's home page has an "Everything" search ... is that where? yeh I typed there And your results are kind of a split screen of results right? CAMEO Library Catalog on the left and Articles & More on the right? Articles & More will lead you to a very large number of articles on the SAT test.  I was thinking that you mean the Scholastic Aptitude Test ... right? yes I got it Thank you

Hello, is there a database for soil properties in the U.S. or globally? I was trying to find soil organic content and soil temperature range. There isn't much research paper on the internet for this area, since it's already well measured.  hi .. please email sciref@andrew.cmu.edu for a science librarian Thanks!

Hello Hi I see a book that is available electronically Electronic Resources Library - WEB (Located on the World Wide Web) How do I access it? Thanks You should see a link in the record.  Click on it and if you are offcampus or on wireless you should get a prompt to login with your andrew user ID and psswd.  If you're on the network, you should get in seamlessly. Do you see the link in the reocrd-if you give me the title of the book I can tell you what you need to click on (sometiimes terminology changes  from record to record) It look me a little bit but I did get it Thanks so much! You're welcome! :-) I appreciate your help :) Have a nice day We are happy to help-you have a good day as well! :-)

Hi This is Koyo Nagashima, a Tepper student. I'm looking for this article. Can you help me? "Instruction and Adult Acquisition of English as a Second Language: Does It Make a Difference?" Hi I'll be happy to check-just a minute please I checked this article on the web. But the page said this article was unavailable. Do you have the journal title, vol, date, pages?   http://search.proquest.com/docview/1659985135?pq-origsite=summon Is this useful information? Very!!!  Just give me a minute or so to look at this. Thanks!! Koyo, you will need to use our interlibrary loan service to get this article.  We do not have access to it (paper or electronic) and no one nearby has it. (CCTE stands for Conference of College Teachers of English and they are based in Texas). If you've never done ILL before, you'll need to register-an easy process.  Then fill out a form, and we'll get a copy for you and let you know when it is available.  Here's the link for the service, and you'll want to use ILLiad. http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/requesting Thank you for your instruction! I'll register it. Glad to help! Have a good day! :-) Thanks a lot! You're very welcome! Oh, by the way, does this service(ILLiad) cost a lot? No-it is a free service.  Often you'll get a PDF of the article in your ILLiad account, but you'll be notified when it's available.  Illiad can also keep a record of your requests. I see. Thanks! You're welcome! Hi. I have another request. Can you find this article? 
https://www.degruyter.com/view/j/cog.2013.24.issue-4/cog-2013-0024/cog-2013-0024.xml Hi

Hi, I'm looking for information on the use of journaling in foreign langauge classrooms.  Hello! Are you interested in scholarly work on this topic--such as research papers?   yes need to find out the efficacy of the use of journaling in foreign language Okay--have you already looked in some library databases?  education database and the linguistics database What search terms have you tried? journaling foreign langauge classrooms journaling language teaching Okay--great.  Let me see what I can find and if I can come up with any additional strategies.  Is this something you've already come across? http://eric.ed.gov/?id=EJ1070645 Or perhaps this?  http://eric.ed.gov/?id=EJ1053742  I saw the second one but not the first. this is helpful thanks The search I did was this:  (journaling OR journal-keeping) AND ("foreign language" OR "language class" OR "language course" OR "language teaching" OR "language instruction") You might also try 'reflection' or 'self-reflection' as a term. I did the search in ERIC (http://search.library.cmu.edu/link/http://search.proquest.com/eric) but you could also try the same search in the Linguistics Database. I also found something titled "Journaling for Enhancement of Self-Direction in Language Learning" in Google Scholar--but its just a link to a PDF--no indication where it was published.

hello -- I had a question about running a research study/survey  How can help you? Are you interested in running survey? check this https://www.surveymonkey.com/ I am --- however I'm looking for an avenue for deploying it to specific markets. Survey monkey doesn't have as in-depth of filters as I'd like... Check examples from ICPSR and Roper Center databases. Both are available via the Library's Research databases http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php ok, thank you! You are welcome.

Do students have access to the digital edition of the New York Times through CMU? hi yes, the new york times is available in one of our databases going back to 1800s ...  Go to library.cmu.edu click on research databases Thank you so much! then just click on N and find New york times :) and you are welcome :)

hi anyone there? hi i am a cmu  student What can I do for you? I want to access jstor  and other scholarly journals do i just search for them here in the search bar  or do i go to jstor directly with my anrew id? hi? If you go to our homepage www.library.cmu.edu and look under Search and Find you 'll see a link to Research Databases.  You'll get an alphabetical list of all the databases we have, which you can sort in different ways. Anything else I can help you with? I have to leave. There are other librarians on chat if you have additional questions (you'll need to start a new chat session).  Have a good day!!

Hi Hi I am doing market research on Water for Onshore Oil &amp; Gas Report 2014-2019: Opportunities in Produced Water Management, Hydraulic Fracturing and Enhanced Oil Recovery I am not able to find this specific report. I'd appreciate help locating it or just searching our available resources in general Let me check into this-just a moment please thanks Usually these market research reports are not cheaply available .  This report is almost $3,000, so it's unlikely that interlibrary loan (where we borrow stuff from other libraries) would work, either.  Give me another minute and I'll refer you to some market research reports we have.  Just curious-what dept. are you with? I'm doing a dual CEE (Engineering) and ETIM (EPP) Ok-thx!  Here's a guide to resources the business librarian prepared for market research http://guides.library.cmu.edu/marketresearch  Also, it's possible that some of the research from that market research report would be reported in trade magazines-for that, in our A-Z list of databases, Business Source premier would be good. http://guides.library.cmu.edu/az.php I'll check out both links thanks! Great-if you find you need additional help, you can contact the librarians for EPP (Lynn Berard and Sue Collins) or CEE (Lynn Berard).  Contact info: lberard@andrew.cmu.edu or sc24@andrew.cmu.edu Lynn is in the Engineering and Science Libraries (engineering questions), Sue in Hunt (business and/or policy). that's very helpful Great!  have a great day You as well!

Hi there. Do you know if I can reserve an ipad for next week? Or do I need to come check it out in person? Hi Let me check out policies and see Thanks http://www.library.cmu.edu/using/techlending Devices are available on a first-come, first served basis. Booking does not guarantee availability. What does it mean to "book" something, then? I'm not really sure!! I found that confusing as well!  Let me check Thanks :) Here's the Ipads that are available in Hunt Library.  Hint-more seem to be available on 4th floor than on first.  I'm going to call someone about that booking thing-I don't even see where that is possible!!! http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1481936 Thanks How edifying-booking is for the multimedia stuff (cameras, etc.,) not the Ipads.  So you could go in and reserve a camera, say, if it's checked out.  But it's not guaranteed since we can't make someone bring it back on time.  But Ipads are just first come, first serve.  And the link I gave you will show availability. I can't believe there will be a run on Ipads next week, so with so many available now, looks like you should (no guarantees), should be OK. If 90% were checked out, might be a different story. And there are even more Ipads available at the E&S library http://search.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Record/1451192 The COAC (design career fair) is next week, so I'm thinking ipads will be a popular item to show of portfolios. If I checked one out today, will it be due end of day next Friday? Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I see. Ipads have 7 day loan period http://www.library.cmu.edu/taxonomy/term/200/viewdtl that page tells which are available, how long you can borrow, etc. Right. I'm wondering if day 1 of that 7-day loan period would start today or if it would start tomorrow if I checked it out today. Note the Hunt and 4th floors are iPad Retina Display (4th generation), E&S iPad 2 if that affects display. I believe it would start when you check it out. I can check. That would be great. Thanks. I would need it until end of day next Friday, so I don't want to check it out too early. Loan period would run until 11:59pm next Friday. And that's no matter what time you check it out today, it's due next Friday before midnight. Sweeeet! Thanks so much! You're welcome!  Smart thinking, there, with the Ipad! Check it out, get used to it-have a great display, get a wonderful job, give a nice donation to the Libraries (LOL!!! haha. Now you're thinking! ;) Thanks so much for your help. Hope you have a great day! You're very welcome! :-)  Have a great day as well! 

Hello hello how may I help you I am looking for the doctoral thesis "Structure property relationships of nitride superlattice hard coatings prepared by pulsed laser deposition" can you help me? how can I get that material? yes let me check to see where you can get it. one moment If you are a cmu person you can get the full text from our dissertaitons database by Proquest just go to the library homepage at search.libary.cmu.edu and under  "Search and Find" select research databases and then Dissertations and Theses @ Carnegie Mellon then you can search the title and get the full text. I hope this helps but if I am not a CMU  person then you  can  to this website and purchase a copy http://www.proquest.com/products-services/dissertations/ oh thank you if you a person at another institution check with them you may be able to get a copy free. check with their library I will do that, thanks okay have a nice day

good morning hello I am looking for a colleague's PhD thesis and was wondering where  could find a copy is it a CMU thesis? yes it is You can check in the database Proquest...let me give you the link...one moment.. http://search.proquest.com/pqdtlocal1006828/advanced?accountid=9902 So the database Proquest is available from Library home page listed under  Research Databases you can also get to this by going to the Research Databases, A-Z Databases listing and find:  Dissertations & Theses @ Carnegie Mellon University We also have older dissertations in print and on microfiche.  You can look up author/title in our Library's catalog http://vufind.library.cmu.edu/vufind/Search/Advanced ok, i will look through this OK let me know if you want to provide me author/title, I can help look... The author is Erica D Cochran and the title of the thesis is The Impact of School Building Physical Characteristics and Neighborhood
Attributes on Student Performance and Health ok do you happen to know the year? I am not finding it--perhaps it is very recent?  Let me look further.... 2014 thesis  I cannot find it either is it possible that the person did not publish it? Hmm might want to check with the dept http://soa.cmu.edu/cbpd/   or you can email our Architecture Librarian Martin Aurand: ma1f@andrew.cmu.edu perhaps Martin would know offhand if these are published ok! sounds good thank you for the help ok hold on one moment might have another idea talking to Martin ok he is telling me that like all dissertations, up to student if they want to publish but I want to look in our Institutional Repository as well...one moment http://repository.cmu.edu/ She was the advisor on this one but I can't find hers!  http://repository.cmu.edu/theses/56/ Ya i am finding the same theses I will ask in the dept,appreciate your effort  ok good luck!

